a support library for building plugins systems in python. pmidi x frontend experience war not as a soldier, but as a group of civilians in a besieged city. model to synchronize multiple instances over dbus. graphical user interface for editing sf2 and sfz files a simple fan control daemon for thinkpads a point to point color terminal video chat a fast distributed scalable time series database written on top of cassandra. advanced power management for linux, with pm-utils support opentype text shaping engine (icu integration) (mingw-w64) encrypted boot partition manager with uefi secure boot support cormorant fonts in knytt stories, each level is its own little adventure. one level is included with the game, where you have to stop a machine that draws the life out of the planet. an official expansion pack is also featured at the website with four original levels. bindings to linenoise a game server browser and launcher for unix/x11 for many popular games (a qstat frontend) a simple c program which uses an x call to determine if x is running search for available domain names in an ip range keyboard layout switcher (the further development of axkb) this script allows you to create a local or remote backup rotation for your files. perl module for generating html calendars c library based on qt that eases the creation of opengl 3d viewers c rfid / nfc library for windows/linux/mac. for pc/sc, nfc, iso compliant and proprietary hardware server implementation for the electrum wallet an advanced rule-based (regular-expression) and unicode-aware tokenizer for various languages. tokenization is an essential first step in any nlp pipeline. this package contains the necessary data. latex class for dissertations at http://kspt.icc.spbstu.ru/ a simple markdown editor that offers a lot of features. ros - turtlebot_actions provides several basic actionlib actions for the turtlebot. userspace interface to kernel drm services, master git version records sound from pulse audio using ffmpeg while watching d-bus to determine tracks and meta data a free mindmapping and knowledge management tool openrc virtualgl init script cronic is a shell script to help control the most annoying feature of cron: unwanted emailed output. a utility to that uses docker to build stateless arch images that can be booted bare-metal. openfabrics alliance userspace service for iwarp drivers to claim tcp ports a dynamic window manager for x gnirehtet provides reverse tethering for android utilities for building arch packages for ros stacks. bashnapi is a napiprojekt.pl bash client bundled with subotage - a universal subtitles format converter opencl 1.2 (open computing language) header files (svn version) convert texinfo sources to latex convex cone solver via operator splitting. exporting done right a bm98-like rhythm game which supports the so-called bms format for playing. fortune cookies: chuck norris facts. to run graphical applications as superuser using sudo. the picosat solver printing routines for gnome radius authentication module for apache a simple caldav-based todo manager. command line application that formats qml files the popular and trusted web browser by google (beta channel) set of tools for editing csound files with neovim trained language data for tesseract ocr engine concurrent, on-the-fly audio programming language a generic calendar for x the mate settings daemon (gtk3 version) access s3 from bash a rocket powered dumb file server to share a pacman cache on the local network. a slender monospace typeface. shape: liberation mono. interactive whiteboard software for schools and universities none multiple connection line based single domain or tcp socket network repeater, can work with socat or netcat perl/cpan module cgi::session::serialize::yaml: add yaml and yaml::syck support to cgi::session's serializers fuzzy file finder for the command line perl sftp client using the native ssh client application an offline client for creating photobooks, uploading and ordering them at cewe.de common development files for pygobject detects foss cms in the local filesystem architectural foundation for python applications an intuitive sync-tracker tool for realtime audiovisual productions not yet another compiler compiler simple asynchronous functions for emacs lisp an action/rpg sidescoller with a focus on story and character development a gtk2/gtk3 based universal input method platform serves a webpack app. updates the browser on changes. information theoretic inequality prover (cli) import the epg of a remote vdr convert adblock config files to privoxy format utility to allow switching workspaces by their position on the output ocaml variants as first class values extremely low-level wrapper to the mediawiki api the heirloom documentation tools consist of a modern roff suite. libpurple events handling plugin and library a simple input method for ibus that allows you to enter unicode emoji and other symbols by name (git-version) ripple peer-to-peer network daemon track orbiting objects (such as the international space station) in your terminal small library for mocking pymongo collection objects for testing purposes python bindings for espeak. neteasecloudmusic plugin for deepin music player french language for eclipse ide libre reimplementation of the steins;gate visual novel the first czech cd-rom-based 2d point-and-click adventure game - english version simple ssh-agent that loads keys stored from moolticute emacs major mode for the julia programming language ros - diagnostics. a library that makes consuming a rest api easier and more convenient a 'dogpile' lock, typically used as a component of a larger caching solution evernote client with unity integration a cross-platform, modern, and asynchronous library that enables developers to access and author connected applications a fast whoneeds implemention in python for arch linux a cross-platform command-line or terminal based module file player (with minimal dependencies). a lightweight python library for computational pipelines. ros - ros messages for geographic information systems. a primitive drawing library targeted at wayland a backport of the password validation system from django 1.9, for use on earlier django versions projectm support for pulseaudio (git version) a library to allow applications to export a menu into the unity menu bar (gtk 3 library) a slender monospace typeface. shape: envy code r. very fast implementation of the token bucket algorithm. java and maven components of guacamole some basic numeric stats on vectors zsh completion for several jupyter commands standalone web browser from mozilla.org - extended support release universal graphics library for 8 bit embedded systems library for picotech oscilloscope 2000 series race across the moon, kicking down crystal walls and sliding under chomping moon-slugs! obfuscates standard input by adding or substracting a constant from each byte. a breakout clone with pretty graphics api for detecting equations and hidden mathematical relationships in your data ros - messages exclusive to jackal, especially for representing low-level motor commands and sensors. ham radio (specific) xdg-compliant menu desktop shell that gets out of your way none countdown timer and stopwatch in your terminal a python command to search port names and numbers a source code analysis framework (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.6/) network time protocol reference implementation with enabled smearing virtual fuse-based file system that maps recordings from the linux video disc recorder (vdr) to *.nfo and *.mpg files lightscribe host software for linux vpns on steroids a tool for fast, memory-efficient counting of k-mers in dna a grammar checker dedicated to the french language data::formvalidator stackable dynamic tree based rack router ansi colors for python ros - the smach_ros package contains extensions for the smach library to integrate it tightly with ros. a ruby binding for gstreamer a dft-based fir filtering library based on sox the ember command line interface novaclient extension for instance default network flags zip archive generator for streaming purposes easy file transfer using the filetea service provides vim autocompletion for cmake files provides a suite of cross-platform utility classes to add functionality not readily available in the qt toolkit (32 bit) base library for openrct2 a 2d platform game featuring a quirky story and a huge world to explore internet services simulation suite an openbox based desktop environment focused on productivity and speed user-space front-end command-line tool for ftrace, inclduing the gui interface application kernelshark as well as trace-graph and trace-view. cmu sphinx g2p model for dutch intel e1000e ethernet adapter driver (latest version from intel) (dkms version) man pages for the clutter library easily share pacman packages between computers. a replacement for pkgd. countdown timer and stopwatch in your terminal twitch.tv plugin for serviio ros - rqt_robot_monitor displays diagnostics_agg topics messages that are published by diagnostic_aggregator. a tiny but valid `init` for containers canon ij printer driver (mg5100 series) save and restore named alsaequal states. plugin for vapoursynth: mvtools_sf (git version) simple-to-use option parser for bash scripts expect::simple - wrapper around the expect module matrices describing affine transformation of the plane (python 2.7) image viewer and organizer trained language data for tesseract ocr engine implementation of a multi-key dictionary. graphical user interface for qemu written in qt4 numpy compatible random number generators. doxygen plugin for qt creator ros - rqt_bag provides a gui plugin for displaying and replaying ros bag files. a helper-script to change symlinks of python to change python-version. syntax like archlinux-java multi-protocol instant messaging client. latest mercurial build. a vim plugin on kotlin a keepass plugin allows to automatically open additional databases when opening a database. simple graphical roguelike. jinja2 support for your concierge template files. reader for encrypted emails cli tools for encoding h264/avc video streams (git) a graphical utility for writing raw disk images & hybrid isos to usb keys. qt5 git release. an advanced audio engine (version 4.26.36) a powerful framework for network analysis and security monitoring. (ids intrusion detection system) line-by-line profiler global versioned p2p merkledag file system suite of utilities for image processing with a focus on remote sensing applications perl extension for accessing logical volume manager (lvm) data structures in linux. telepathy connection manager for tox (early development). truecrypt mount helper for fstab perl package to split big cookies into smaller ones fuse-based file system backed by google drive, written in ocaml review, annotate, and edit pdf documents solr / solrcloud web application archive (war) ready to deploy on any java ee container a volume keys control daemon for xfce using pulseaudio the elder scrolls ii: daggerfall, unofficial fixes an action adventure starring a bard who, not entirely voluntarily, goes on the quest to save a princess show all clients per screen in awesome window manager. it works for both stable and master version of awesome. socketcan over ethernet tunnel simple, elegant, pythonic functional programming. ros - common_msgs contains messages that are widely used by other ros packages. pyqt4/pyqt5 compatibility layer kernel module for realtek rtl8189ftv sdio wireless devices. a material design lightdm theme for lightdm-webkit2-greeter from the latest git frame-accurate video cutting with only small quality loss genealogy software ldscripts generator for arm mcus from libopencm3 library graphical cpu stats monitor in the system tray. a basic color picker user-space access library for the phidget devices unicode tt font with extensive glyph coverage shift-insert fix for terminal vim nero aac audio codec (dec/enc/tag) all-in-one. generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - eficas module the gnome terminal emulator, with background transparency free peer-reviewed portable c source libraries (mingw-w64) opencl userspace driver as provided in the amdgpu-pro driver stack. this package is intended to work along with the free amdgpu stack. a portable library for ssa/ass subtitles rendering. (git version) sync data across the distributed web netbeans ide for java se tiny first person shooter linux studio plugins: ladspa format desktop globe. (git version) emoticon filter of yahoo! messenger fork of openocd that has esp32 support browse through images in directory after opening a single file a reverse engineering driver for the clevo laptop models backlight keyboard. mod tile is an apache module to serve raster mapnik tiles kde plugin to show thumbnails of blender files the wekinator: on-the-fly learning for controller mapping. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-kpatch kernel a tool to manage rebuilding of aur packages based on their dependencies library and tools to access the windows nt registry file (regf) format standalone web browser from mozilla — nightly build (ja) moodle is a open-source software learning management system the hexen 1 demo iwad (game data) a modern, multi-threaded, feature-rich, simplifying sat solver a cross-platform process and system utilities module for python2 parser construction library with great error reporting in ruby. capture the flag game using the minetest ctf pvp engine ivideon client padre::plugin::experimento - provides experimental features to padre utilities for communication with epoc pdas, e.g. mounting via fuse the pantheon calendar brother hl-l6250dw cups driver a graphical viewer for thread profile information generated by the glasgow haskell compiler (ghc). a single-player fantasy game. you control a dwarven outpost or an adventurer in a randomly generated persistent world. packed with spacefox's tileset and graphics pack. does not replace other dwarffortress packages. a generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer - patched for extra functionality regex manipulation python library used by hachoir-subfile for fast pattern matching. interact with sites that implement google style authsub tcp performance measurement (yet another java hylafax client) is a client for the hylafax fax server written completely in java. the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm eabi (bare-metal) target. ros - a metapackage for geometry library suite. vertex gtk2, gtk3, metacity, xfwm, cinnamon and gnome shell themes (gnome 3.22 version) system integration specific infrastructure fusioninventory inventory management a port forwarding tool implemented in node.js use many trackers with sonarr a font designed by hirwen harendal and released by arkandis digital foundry haskell-powered python 3 interpreter gui for managing git and github. editor for aligned parallel texts a smaller, cheaper, faster sed implementation. an easy to use c unit testing framework an established low complexity waveform coder which uses a lossless compression scheme, superior to that of mp3 audex is an audio grabber tool for cd-rom drives built with kde frameworks openfabrics alliance infiniband mellanox infiniband hca driver a python dict with a merge() method latchbox is a cli based password manager that saves account information in an aes256-cbc encrypted file that can securely be accessed and stored by the user a .net wrapper for the open asset import library (assimp). an open source version of edward johnston's timeless typeface for london underground of 1916 python sql toolkit and object relational mapper mopidy extension for playing music from pandora celestia addon: fictional: craft and stations: spaceman spiff library which allows legacy applications to use kernel same-page merging production-grade container scheduling and management - binary version. the context typesetting system; sources from git perl package for ngram analysis of text replace emacs' undo system with an intuitive tree-based system. audio module tracker formerly known as modplug tracker webrtc audio/video call and conferencing server an easy-to-use command line tool for automatically acquiring certificates from acme servers (such as let's encrypt) pdf presentation tool perl interface to the flickr api gummi latex editor gtk3 port git version slate theme for gtk3 a simple tool for visually comparing two pdf files information about the currently running perl pack, ship and run any application as a lightweight container, using official binaries makes kancolle better sleep with a progressbar x.org number 9 i128 video driver the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security (32-bit) fonts/icons for powerlines conkyweather font - weather icons mpeg-4 library (32 bit) atmel sam boot assistant a physics based puzzle/construction game (requires copy of the full game). compatibility result module (git master) the sra toolkit and sdk from ncbi is a collection of tools and libraries for using data in the insdc sequence read archives. ros - a metapackage which extends ros_base and includes ros libaries for any robot hardware. ruby clone of the whiteroom full-screen text editor ham radio general purpose logging program. unscii is a set of bitmapped unicode fonts based on classic system fonts. unscii attempts to support character cell art well while also being suitable for terminal and programming use. full unicode support. a graphical pdf viewer which aims to superficially resemble less(1). 20'000 light years into space game a minimal composable infrastructure on top of libudev and libevdev jump to things in emacs tree-style gajim plugin to implement http uploads <xep-0363>. a simple pop3 mail client. astrology software in wxpython the kubernetes package manager none platform-tools for google android sdk (adb and fastboot), dummy package kde's oxygen mouse cursor theme - the extra flavours an open-source service monitoring system and time series database. gcc plugin that embeds cpython inside the compiler the aerospike c client provides a c interface for interacting with the aerospike database. change screenlayout when connecting/disconnecting monitors web gui for powerdns autoritative server a bitmap font for programming and terminal/tty use, greatly inspired from montecarlo and gohufont, many thanks to their creator openav artyfx lv2 plugin suite a library that can be used to retrieve program settings from a variety of sources a tool for managing bibliographic database simple screen locker utility for x, fork of sflock. uses pam authentication, no suid needed. a python2 content-disposition header support (rfc6266) undelete and data recovery software markdown less is a markdown displayer (git version) a monospaced bitmap font for the console and x11 (tamsyn-font fork) azenis blue cursor theme bioconductor extensions for rpy2 a extension to the c programming language designed to embody the structuring concepts and execution model of tinyos. a c header-only library for easy structural biology computations and geometric constructions python module to add support for orm-style filtering to any list of items build a large picture from hundreds of smaller ones generate and change colorschemes on the fly. mobile shell with support for ssh-agent-forwarding and out-of-band a lightweight cross-platform text editor. development version. ros - rqt_bag provides a gui plugin for displaying and replaying ros bag files. m210 provides tools and an userspace device driver for pegasus tablet mobile notetakers (or irisnotes or mvpen or logipen or yifang or ritmix dp-305i\dp-205bt) linux. it allows to fetching notes and converting them to svg. a tool for creating monitor profiles that are easily invoked. an open-source pdf rendering engine. dash peer-to-peer network based digital currency (daemon) a free open source portable number theoretic multiple-precision integer library written entirely in c ui application for managing smart card pin/puk codes and certificates viewer/editor for stereoscopic 3d photo and video an easy-to-use, robust and highly configurable vpn (virtual private network) - git checkout an irc client for emacs a project with the goal of developing a collection of utilities to allow for better client integration with some of the popular version control systems (core) open source biometrics this is a standalone release of the wsgiref library, that provides validation support for wsgi 1.0.1 openglcontext is a learning environment for pyopengl. python bitcoin tools - simple, common-sense bitcoin-themed python ecc library for python 2 ros - this package contains a set of messages that are used by the introspection interfaces for smach. celestia addon: spacecraft: other: voyagers 1 & 2 the best mud client. patched with log prefix and a more useful alert stream. c program for generating powerline ps1s for bash a python api for accessing resources on a jenkins continuous-integration server. userspace tracing library for lttng widgets and other objects used for indicators a django module for html5 uploads highly extensible ide a collection of scripts to set up mongodb test environments and parse and visualize mongodb log files fast and modern javascript engine used in google chrome. lotro/ddo launcher (needed to login to turbine inc. servers) library for accessing fat filesystems from nintendo gameboy advance homebrew velocidrone: fast paced fpv drone racing action with multiplayer and offline modes! a classical arabic typeface in naskh style poineered by amiria press ldap schema for fusiondirectory applications plugin visual diff and merge tool class::dbi, frozen at 3.0.1 an icon project by darin lgpl implementation of rtmfp (client part) arduino prototyping platform: software libraries automatic audio file renaming tool a matlab compatible netcdf interface for octave mate media tools (gtk2 version) a simple application to manage hexchat themes python bindings for the complex pathway simulator (copasi) python jinja2 library extension for dates and times qt creator prerelease/latest a make-like build utility based on lua vrui vr toolkit an incremental backup program, especially suited for encrypted disks. yaml parser and emitter in c, written around the yaml 1.2 spec (mingw-w64) audio::dsp is built around the oss (open sound system) api and allows perl to interface with a digital audio device. the audio::dsp object stores i/o parameters and also supplies temporary storage for raw audio data. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a wep encryption cracker test anything protocol (tap) tools for python nvidia driver utilities and libraries (beta version) reddit command-line client. follow the latest submissions from your terminal. mkinitcpio hook containing advanced features for btrfs-based root devices simple markdown files previewer. a minimalist scientific calculator for python. ftdi device driver written in pure python a tool to load .bit files to digilent's nexys 2 board turn json into objects a backup and restore program that uses librsync to reduce backup size. a personal anki sync server (so you can sync against your own server rather than ankiweb) nvm-express user space tooling for linux network name resolution library configuration for hot china domains to accelerate via dnsmasq enables keepass to encrypt databases using the serpent algorithm. network management daemon with scan disabled after connection established auto click button 'accept' in dota 2 game dependent mixture models iterative refocus plug-in for gimp a distributed email client for i2p gromacs is a versatile package to perform molecular dynamics, i.e. simulate the newtonian equations of motion for systems with hundreds to millions of particles. an open-source implementation of the opengl specification xml parsing library, version 2 (mingw-w64) a ssh praetorian (bouncer, minder or whatever) ; it's just a cool restricted command script. emulator with builtin dos for running dos games (daum version) vim-jp fork of ctags. its purpose is to encode and decode strings. c library for processing utf-8 encoded unicode strings library for fingerprint readers forked for elantech support acd_cli provides a command line interface to amazon cloud drive and allows mounting your cloud drive using fuse for read access. official maintained fork of timecop's bubblemon-dockapp download programmes from dutch broadcasting companies simple wrapper around grub-mkconfig zsh completion support for gi ldap schema for fusiondirectory freeradius plugin real-time phase vocoder a documentation generator for d with support for both ddoc and markdown. a toolkit for building standalone django applications. gods deluxe, mp3 music pack personal file backup software supporting compression, encryption and incremental backups. open and extensible gplv3 deep packet inspection library open source web browser based on firefox focusing on efficiency. mingw-w64 winpthreads library ocaml bindings for the gavl video manipulation library print the geometry of a rectangular screen region a maori male voice for the mbrola synthesizer ros - this metapackage depends on the smach visualization tools. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine watch files for changes and perform incremental rebuilds with rollup threaded server modules (threadedhttpsserver, threadedmulticastserver, quickserve, pacserve). binding for dug song's libdnet rf2aprs-ig gateway a set of scripts that allow reformatting movies into the vob format that is used on dvds node.js style apis for luvi as either a luvi app or library. extracts media files (avi, ogg, wave, png, ...) that are embedded within other files. a light blue xfce theme, introduced in the release of xubuntu 10.10. ros - the pluginlib_tutorials package. a simple cpulimit program that attempts to limit the cpu usage of a process, expressed in percentage. write epg data to a mysql database openjdk java 8 documentation a python library for automating interaction with websites dwm dynamic status bar daemon, done to help writing battery uneager status updater clients. fastimage - image info fast align text in columns command line tool for retrieving omdb movie information an interpreter-less scripting language. android sdk samples, api-20 zork ii adventure game (for infocom's z-code interpreter) api and runtime that allows access to vr hardware from multiple vendors. contains api and samples. the runtime is under steamvr in tools on steam. microsoft language server protocol implementation for d using workspace-d serial port sniffer, network serial server/client and serial port emulator an attempt to get a status icon for hubic on linux a package for encoding and decoding data in and from recursive length prefix notation a hex editor with vim like keybindings written in rust. simple gui to show log files in a graphical editor, git version read only extraction of files and directories from a damaged jfs filesystem a 5250 terminal emulator for ibm iseries and as400 the heirloom documentation tools provide troff, nroff, and related utilities. a python wrapper for leveldb_mcpe hdf5 - static library let someone else take control of your computer a library aimed to make it easy to implement spawnable class methods in the vala language the next generation of nicer testing for python metadata anonymisation toolkit a java based rss feed reader with google reader synchronization a virtual network service for openstack - nec plugin agent find the planes' positions on a grid. (text-based game) a web interface for the arch linux package manager (pacman) android sdk platform, api-17 ros - this package contains generic definitions of geometric shapes and bodies. a high-level python web framework that encourages rapid development and clean design (version 1.7) the ultimate document programming framework from git generate project files to debug elf files scripts to generate a weekly email of new additions to plex. coin-or open solver interface stereoscopic 3d video player with opengl ui slideshow maker in linux environnement zelda: oni link begins is the sequel of zelda: return of the hylian (french version) very simple application launcher which puts a horizontal menu on top of your screen. interface to kernel module operations extra tools for ogg-vorbis prettifier/beautifier for ruby code [from http://www.arachnoid.com/ruby/] signal private messenger for the desktop provides access to weather information from the internet. (gtk2 version) tank@war is a solo and team-based multiplayer 3d online game dedicated to armored warfare set in the modern age. throw yourself into epic tank battles.. puzzle game and electromechanical sandbox client library for firebird. (32-bit) perl/cpan module html:tidy: (x)html validation in a perl object a c library for vcard specification support library for lifx-firmware-updater encode and decode uris according to rfc 3986 solarized in 16 colors for tmux xde .desktop entry helpers simplified curses interface with concurrency, for quick and sane curses apps plack::middleware::reverseproxy - supports app to run as a reverse proxy backend a program that lets you manipulate digital audio waveforms a perl module to deal with time periods a tool to crop pdf files. ros - library for capturing data from the intel(r) realsense(tm) f200, sr300, r200, lr200 and zr300 cameras. a process sandbox written in c cups driver for the brother dcp-9015cdw a temporary commit tool for git gnu c library mips64 target kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-xps-9560 kernel network configuration and profile scripts android google apis, api-19 simple alsa status icon and volume control slovak dictionary for hunspell robust frontend to wget and/or curl for various pastebin services digital photo management application for kde an open-source service monitoring system and time series database. a wrapper script for borg backup software that creates and prunes backups static code analysis tool for html, you can use it with ide or in build system. automatic updates of maxmind geoip2 and geoip legacy binary databases apparmor support for firejail sparkiduino 1.0.5.5 library and examples to easily start programming acrborics sparki robot using arduino syntax. cpan/spread::message - provide messaging using the spread toolkit a modern and flexible dynamic dns client install nodejs versions mist icon theme a gtk3 markdown editor the illicit love child of moose and poe telnet and telnetd ported from openbsd xml to hash translator a make-like build utility based on lua the package manager for the crystal language (git version) mozilla extension to store passwords and form logins in gnome-keyring. the mate terminal emulator (gtk2 version) gnuradio blocks and tools for receiving iridium transmissions collaborative drawing program specially made for use with pen tablets (meta package) parameterized testing with any python test framework bizou - a (french) kiss php image gallery a powerful screenshot tool wake on lan server take screenshot with escrotum and upload it to pomf.cat,pomf.se or any other pomf clone. libgwavi is a tiny c library aimed at creating avi files elegant, simple, clean dock an easy server administration frontend. the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lscsoft-glue a simple ocaml client for google services. a terminal emulator for the 21st century net::bonjour - module for dns service discovery (apple's bonjour) the opengl extension wrangler library man pages for the glib 2 library xyne's common generic functions, for internal use. thunderbird extension that enables sending and receiving signed and encrypted e-mail messages a reverse engineering driver for the clevo sm series backlight keyboard (dkms version) a simple source documentation and literate programming utility for pure ros - metapackage of rqt plugins that are particularly used with robots during its operation. a voice-over-ip phone include constants from pod automatically run ruby scripts with bundle exec gui udisks wrapper for removable media an idl (interactive data language) compatible incremental compiler (ie. runs idl programs) ham radio equipment control libraries - compiled for python3 a tool to analyze .map files produced by several compilers and report the amount of memory being used by data and code. trivial backup scripts (ssh/smb support) c-sharp client implementation for desktop notifications, i.e. notification-daemon bash-based preprocessor for anything graphical frontend (pygtk) for the linux par2 utility utility for waking up computers via wake-on-lan (wol) a virtual network service for openstack - server get chord tone list from chord name treetile is binary tree-based, dynamical tiling layout for awesome 3.5 and latter. keep frozen apps fresh tool for flashing pm as lxc container on top of cm place and route tool for fpgas ez100pu/mini driver for pcsc switch user and group id and exec persistent group chat using xmpp a colorized version of wdiff official plugins for sqlitestudio software for capturing and creating stop-motion animations - development version opengl puzzle game inspired by portal. clone the whatwg html specification with local resources zendstudio is the leading php ide for development open implementation of rdate. perl archive toolkit development version of ocrdesktop yet another framebuffer terminal - git integrate wdb instead of werkzeug debugger for flask applications the "official" segwit2x software representing the new york scaling agreement, a.k.a. the silbert agreement graphical tablet configuration utility toolkit for digital imaging. a text scroller for use with panels openal utility toolkit (alut). multilib. chrome/chromium extension to use https whenever possible - git/dev a meta package for the base, base-devel and multilib-devel groups header files and scripts for building modules for linux-baytrail49 kernel with baytrail freeze fixes a socket.io client library for python. you can use it to write test code for your socket.io server. automated picture album downloader for various websites multi lingual terminal emulator on x draws tree structures using characters. a script to retrieve your activation data (activation_bytes) from audible servers. use it to play your aax or aax files downloaded from amazon audible. needs chrome or chromium. a module for rendering django data sets as html tables. ubuntu monochrome icon theme, ambiance and radiance themes, and ubuntu artwork tail for directories a mouse-oriented, text-based environment for programmers. zektonrg-regular ttf font a collection of core-level utility modules provides a command to identify which running processes have files that have changed on disk. it also provides a pacman hook and pacman-ps to also show which packages own the files that are still open. (forked from samcv's pacman-ps) python bindings for the apache thrift rpc system rest api for data indexation, to be used with cozy recursive descent parser with memoization based on peg grammars (aka packrat parser). lightweight rtf text processor - motif version plugin that monitors customizable programs stdout for the xfce4 panel (gtk2 version) terminal network speed test that uses servers from speedtest.net. it uses nearest test server but can also use one manually specified by the user. one file per object backend lan messenger is a p2p chat application for intranet communication and does not require a server. a variety of handy features are supported including notifications, personal and group messaging with encryption, file transfer and message logging. canon ij printer driver (for mg3500 series) kernel module for mediatek mt7610u chipset featured in tp-link archer t2u and t2uh, tp-link tl-wdn5200, asus usb-ac50, asus usb-ac51, comcast xfinity kxw02aaa, d-link dwa-171 rev b1 and more basic midi monitor, works w/ jack or alsa midi drivers utility for tagging directories as cache directories. ttf version of terminus-font qt5 search tool for pcmanfm-qt python module for reading and writing grib (editions 1 and 2) files. a graphical music notation editor for the abc music notation language a simple mplayer gui. hotkey handler for apple laptops for lcd/keyboard backlight, sound volume, and disc ejection, with systemd and 2012 model support. check manifest.in in a python package for completeness the traditional vi friendly interface to monitor configuration utilities for filesystem exploration and automated builds python/gtk3 gui to chinese -english-french-german dictionnaries (cedict, cfdict, handedict, che-dicc…). it also provides pinyin and zhuyin pronunciaton as well as a sentence segmentation utility. mega.co.nz ruby api lightweight implementation of c standard library a fork of npyscreen with changed core components the first true cross-platform sandbox mmo -- game data files for staging server a nice tiling or floating window manager an application to help you dock any application into the system tray command line editor library providing generic line editing, history, and tokenization functions (32-bit) desktop notification integration for systemd-networkd the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lscsoft-glue kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. a poe component for communicating over jabber a fast, correct, and robust build system gmapcatcher is an offline maps viewer a monospace font designed to be clear, pragmatic and very readable. a neovim plugin manager run code after a subroutine call, preserving the context the subroutine would have seen if it were the last statement in the caller sat-templates is a collection of templates for salut à toi, the multi-frontends multi-purposes xmpp client (core). for now, it needs to be accessible in the pythonpath mirrunde cursor theme stripped down lead version of aewm a php-frontend to manage bareos over the web. embedded software for stm32 f7 series vulkan hardware capability viewer organize files in your directory instantly, by classifying them into different folders (git-version) a protocol independent performance tool that visually represents the network performance. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - marathi radical and innovative multiplatform c framework (known as u) qt-based image browser core component of the python-social-auth ecosystem color graphics library for embedded systems this is chilanka, a font belonging to a set of truetype and opentype fonts released under the gnu general public license for malayalam language. a gui program made for manipulating plymouth on arch linux trust is a weakness - a futuristic computer crime game static analyzer for fortran 77 programs test::cchecker - test-time utilities for checking c headers, libraries, or os features (deprecated) list executables cayley is an open-source graph inspired by the graph database behind freebase and google's knowledge graph. perl extension to manipulate raw ip packets with interface to b<libpcap> bibtex style files used in astronomy journals java cpu and memory profiler. this is a link to gvfs-archive that will allow automounting of isos and other files, ubuntu/fedora style command line client to synchronize powerdns hosted zones with local zone files dhcp client disclosing less identifying information python client for gogs server a sound editor with alsa and gtk gui. cvs version apache kafka command line producer and consumer phylogenetic estimation using (maximum) likelihood 8051/8052 disassembler (also for 8035, 8041, 8048 and z80) graphical editor to create and customise layouts for touchosc interpreter for fim, an esoteric programming language inspired by the tv show my little pony: friendship is magic. complementary wallpaper collection for the shimmer project xfce themes a slender monospace typeface. shape: anonymous pro. a c/c metaprogramming toolkit for python corsair keyboard and mouse input driver, release version a standalone application to analyze audio files for silence and print ranges of detected signals. a tomboy plugin to compute mathematical equations in notes. a customized twm for xfreq a python interface for conic optimization solvers. basic linear algebra subprograms an easy-to-use, free of charge, photo server for your home network power management tool for the mate desktop (gtk2 version), with upower 0.9.23 api to extract content from html & xml documents readline module for gauche repl the famous wpa precomputed cracker, cuda backend (git version) efficient gnutella 2 client (latest git version) control onkyo receivers over ethernet. c runtime library for the msp430 family of microcontrollers utility functions for vim plugins web front-end to ganglia (see ganglia package) rtlsdr am demodulator, support multiple channels per dongle trivial, yet fully fledged, weather report two spanish diceware wordlists for keepassxc camel case json support for django rest framework. commandline tool for (visual) grouping of files with same extensions. useful in combination with tdu. an irc client built for elementary os tools based on kde frameworks 5 to better interact with the system an xmpp client library based on qt & c static lib for procps standalone local nntp server a terminal multiplexer (with optional tcl scripting) german language pack for eclipse ide (and selected components) standalone web browser from mozilla.org drupal coding standard for php_codesniffer implements dane as server to server authentication for prosody xmpp server hardware abstraction layer information files software abstractions for the analog signal exploration tools. dmenu-based window switcher for ewhm-compliant x11 window managers a versatile softcam which creates virtual dvb devices a graphical boot splash screen with kernel mode-setting support for non systemd setups vietnamese classic vni fonts a pvr application that downloads and manages your tv shows. echel0n fork of sickbeard, with tvrage, torrents and anime support. a system load indicator for gtk 3. post-process and compress css using clean-css an application sandbox toolkit vim syntax highlighting for c, bison, flex (git version) an open source gerber file (rs-274x only) viewer game about evolution, in which the player guides a species from their origin as a microbe to the space age and beyond. a scss compiler for python the transport library combines zeromq with protobufs to create a fast and efficient message passing system a file manager for linux based on qt-gui experimental workflow / state management toolkit i3status replacement written in python for the i3 window manager the smartest way to work on your projects goocanvas python bindings community wallpapers from xubuntu 14.04 & 16.04 qt oriented code checker based on clang framework lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp330c start and stop systemd services a clone of jezzball that uses icebergs and penguins. (non-theme support version) a cross platform package to do curses-like operations and create ascii art animations test cgi applications with test::www::mechanize system and service manager with selinux support a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the mips64 target (big endian) an open source implementation of fry's baskerville, a baskerville derivative by isaac moore mount xbox and xbox 360 disk images via fuse a program to package linux software into easy-to-use “orbs” python 3 compatible bindings for libguestfs command line interface for testing internet bandwidth using speedtest.net - git devel branch tool to automatically update rules for snort a particle physics tool for evaluating pdfs from discretised data files. a comprehensive it monitoring solution in the tradition of nagios tcl/tk-based graphical interface to the cvs and subversion a bash script to check the security properties of executables a text-to-image steganography tool allows drawing normal and/or logarithmic plots directly in tex an open source codec designed for communications quality speech below 5000 bit/s apertium language data for the french-spanish translator. ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. perl module lingua::cu perl devel::callparser cpan module ros - contains a node publish an image stream from single image file or avi motion file. program to run go programs as if they were scripts the pantheon top panel perfect cherry blossom trial version. seventh game of the touhou project series. (via wine) the simplest (and tastiest) way to write one program that runs on both python 2.6 and python 3. a supervisor process for 3rd party log collectors like nxlog or filebeat fedora 17 (beefy miracle) backgrounds. ros - this package contains a set of conversion functions to convert common tf datatypes (point, vector, pose, etc) into semantically identical datatypes used by other libraries. smooth dark theme for firefox a couple of x cursor that similar to windows 7 cursor. a simple and lightweight linux console locking tool. tool for installing yum-based distributions (red hat, centos, fedora) in a chroot directory a gnu/linux-friendly version of the wacom inkling sketchmanager. yourik the intergalactic rabbit is the animal rights-themed arcade game. a command line interface for epoberezkin/ajv json schema validator a minimal getty which allows automatic logins. a javascript polyfill to enable styling of html5 elements in versions of internet explorer prior to version 9. ssh/http(s) multiplexer c interface to lapack (mingw-w64) adlib sound player library wi-fi lib for asus t200ta (and possibly other baytrail devices) the programmers solid 3d cad modeller provides packet processing capabilities for go document viewer (pdf, postscript, djvu, tiff, dvi, xps, synctex support with gedit, comics books (cbr,cbz,cb7 and cbt)) epson printer driver (stylus office bx610fw, tx610fw / stylus sx610fw / workforce 610, 615) a simple and reliable screenshot tool. doom 3 bfg data via steam a free, cross-platform, open source, audio i/o library. (mingw-w64) front-end module to collect system statistics sdr receiver built on gnu radio with a web-based ui and plugins retro is a portable, stack-based language with roots in forth. registry daemon, information cache and secure credential storage. v4l-dvb device drivers android sdk sources, api-18 a mime mail parsing and generation library. command line kung fu with python (python -c, with tab completion and shorthand) lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-l2740dw this is a text reader,it's mainly used for reading text originally novels. platform support library used by add-ons for kodi up to jarvis vandyke securecrt ssh client unstructured simplicial and cube dune grids pypy binding for the libxml2 and libxslt libraries (experimental!) web based home automation video editor none library to hyphenate text using included or external hunspell hyphenation dictionaries provides a user friendly gui to control the hamachi client on linux a templating engine that uses yaml templates to produce html files. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine compiz experimental plugins sign releases with module::signature dark aurora theme gnome 3.20/3.22/3.24 an elegant and minimalistic dark theme for kde plasma 5 a set of tools written in perl and c for working with vcf files backblaze b2 command line client. cgi utility suite - makes powerful application writing fun and easy run any command inside any namespace-based linux container zelda: return of the hylian (french version) an advanced ham radio logger using mariadb - git version. pristine twitter app the backgrounds included in linux mint 18.2 sonya a modern, hackable, featureful, opengl based terminal emulator a sid tune replayer python wrapper to access the overpass api kindle comic converter converts comic files or folders to epub or panel view mobi a library implementing the ssh2 protocol as defined by internet drafts (mingw-w64) python sdk for development of sip end-points a set of tools for converting abc files to midi files and vice versa, as well as other small utilities ast that abstracts the underlying python version a command-line program that automates the creation of sequence records for submission to genbank disk encryption with strong security based on truecrypt the griddataformats package provides classes to unify reading and writing n-dimensional datasets. one can read grid data from files, make them available as a grid object, and allows one to write out the data again. >_ electron based nodejs repl. nvidia drivers for linux-ck. translations of all components maintained by the lxqt project minetest mod that adds jumping stuff like trampolines and cushions version service for the opensuse build service (obs) lightweight, easy-to-use, and free uml2.x modeler rna secondary structure prediction and comparison library for building uefi applications using gnu toolchain - git version script for selecting gentoo mirrors. fast dependencies for scripts. provides gobjects and helper methods to make it easy to read and write appstream metadata (git version) sierrachart feed bridge for bitcoincharts.com a flexible library of cooperative threadblock primitives and other utilities for cuda kernel programming. vim plugins for notmuch printer only driver for the toshiba e-studio class of printers peak detection utilities for 1d data a simple style theme for "oblogout", totally made with inkscape and love <3 my stable and sensible version of the mpv player that does not make me curse when newer upstream versions break and/or change things at random. :) general parsing module for python an open source package for speaker and language recognition the odb postresql runtime library ros - the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl) defines a tree structure to represent the kinematic and dynamic parameters of a robot mechanism. snippets for geany an erlang application for consuming, producing and manipulating json. short read mapping package ktoshiba is a function (fn) key monitoring for toshiba laptops. file templates for vim the free ttf desktop version of the jenna sue font ros - generates a configuration package that makes it easy to use moveit!. upstream git package for the material design-like flat theme for gtk3, gtk2, metacity, and gnome-shell. a bilateral acceleration software noui client aptana studio 3.6.1 is code base and complete eclipse-based environment that includes extensive capabilities to build ruby and rails, php, and python applications, along with complete html, css and javascript editing. application for scientific data analysis and visualization, fork of scidavis / qtiplot provide a likely candidate for git commit --fixup. fortune quotes from dexter's laboratory alegreya sans is a humanist sans serif family with a calligraphic feeling that conveys a dynamic and varied rhythm. truetype version. load mix-ins or components to your c3-based class c wrappers for clutter plasma support for hybris system bs2b plugin for the deadbeef music player starts adb daemon as root to avoid permissions errors a fastcgi module for apache http server, build with apache httpd 2.2 perl client for memcached, in c language a fuzzy logic control library in c an enhanced php ctags index generator a shell that adds advanced sftp features to the openssh server including acls, connection limits, and bandwidth control gujarati (india) language pack for firefox beta file sync and share client a command line ape 2.0 tagger robust abc (actionscript bytecode) [dis-]assembler yooka-laylee is an all-new open-world platformer from key creative talent behind the banjo-kazooie and donkey kong country games! vdpau driver for allwinner sunxi socs image format plugins for qt5 (mingw-w64) a hei ti style (sans-serif) chinese outline font. this is a nightly-build version. ada front-end for gcc (gnat) (developmental version) cproto is a program that generates function prototypes and variable declarations from c source code. c language family frontend for llvm cross-distribution linux wheels python library for junos automation the aufs-compatible linux kernel and modules kernel headers for the zettabyte file system. driver for western digital wd7193, wd7197 and wd7296 scsi cards a force directed graph layout algorithm in javascript. pack, ship and run any application as a lightweight container. memory based word predictor/language model serverless framework - build web, mobile and iot applications with serverless architectures using aws lambda, azure functions, google cloudfunctions & more simple rule profiling for perl 6 grammars czech dictionary of foreign words for stardict gobject-based multi-platform gui toolkit a c library for reading, creating, and modifying zip archives (mingw-w64) a portable atari jaguar emulator better than pathname. android sdk samples, api-17 atomic file writes on posix simple tool to look for registered domains similar to your own, only distinguished by typos. useful for detection of fraud and fishing attacs a musical top down shooter (without included music) secure rdate replacement to update local time over https ioctl opt arguments for python 2 mozilla extension to store passwords and form logins in gnome-keyring. a sound volume mixer procps utilties with environment constraints ros - a metapackage which extends ros_core and includes other basic non-robot tools like actionlib, dynamic reconfigure, nodelets, and pluginlib. a 2-pass assembler for the zilog 8-bit z80 cpu core component of the python-social-auth ecosystem ros - command to print aggregated diagnostic contents to the command line. a linux-pf kernel module that enables calls to acpi methods through /proc/acpi/call lightweight tox client timetable data for the timetable search engines by chaps: european railway, czech/slovak trains  bus, czech public transport, some air transport. note that some timetables need the purchased version of idos to run. ros - turtle_tf2 demonstrates how to write a tf2 broadcaster and listener with the turtlesim. lexmark z600 printer driver gstreamer multimedia framework ugly plugins a collection of tools for manipulating ogg video files tool to monitor zetaboards forums for new posts a library implementing the ssh2 protocol as defined by internet drafts (x32 abi) a software package for visualizing data in a circular layout a system administration tool to define and deploy desktop profiles for the gnome desktop environment the c runtime library for the avr family of microcontrollers (from atmel) a user space console screen reader written in python3 ocaml library for ipv6 addresses virus total public/private/intel api tmux sessions backup and restore tool c client api for postgresql a java mocking framework that lets you write beautiful tests with a clean and simple api lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-9340cdw assembler programming puzzle game by the makers of worldofgoo - game sold separately nxp lpc microcontroller development suite a lightweight network intrusion detection system. hide all windows and show the desktop. standalone web browser from mozilla.org, developer build - danish data collection and processing made easy a real-time audio visualization tool (animated, 3d): alsa version elektra is a universal hierarchical configuration store apple cinema display control utility for linux yet another js code coverage tool that computes statement, line, function and branch coverage with module loader hooks to transparently add coverage when running tests. supports all js coverage use cases including unit tests, server side functional tests a set of python bindings for the qt3 toolkit the odb oracle runtime library ros - tools for directing, throttling, selecting, and otherwise messing with ros topics at a meta level. pdf reader that displays interactive annotations on scientific articles nuvolasdk hebrew dictionary for aspell ide for ros(robot operating system) developers based on vscode colored pretty-print of perl data structures and objects a package of programs for setting and using the world coordinate systems a cli system information tool written in bash that supports displaying images. perl extension for converting bbcode to html. an advanced, feature packed, multi-platform 2d and 3d game engine the dune font a cross-platform automation and configuration tool/framework (binary package) qt gui and api interfaces to ethernet cameras via aravis multimedia processing graphs. (git version) a minimalistic grub theme inspired by breeze varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko slic3r is an stl-to-gcode translator for reprap 3d printers, aiming to be a modern and fast alternative to skeinforge. the open source modelica suite - openmodelica compiler a virtual network service for openstack - server app container image build and runtime tool detect if your container/vps is running under a specific hypervisor. lightweight system for writing, administering, and running unit tests in c compresses linked and inline javascript or css into single cached files hide all windows and show the desktop. the echo icon theme from the fedora project (development version). arx fatalis game data from an existing win32 installation (for use with arxlibertatis) declarative mapper for sqlalchemy testing tcp program an open-source firmware for cypress fx2 (precompiled binaries) selinux binary policy manipulation library vcstool provides a command line tool to invoke vcs commands on multiple repositories. the linux-rt-lts kernel and modules udev joypad autoconfig for retroarch (git-latest) laverna is a javascript note taking application with markdown editor and encryption support. consider it like open source alternative to evernote. a front-end for any emulated system (git version) a small tool to resize all images in a directory. it is designed to resize many images in quickest and simplest way possible. an optimized mpeg audio layer 2 (mp2) encoder (32-bit) a small application helping you to create tikz diagrams (from the latex pgf package) fuse filesystem module to mount your camera as a filesystem on linux. aws sdk for c terminal application and modules for liri os a credential helper for the docker daemon that makes it easier to use amazon ec2 container registry. ros - the nodelet package is designed to provide a way to run multiple algorithms in the same process with zero copy transport between algorithms. central regulatory domain database cups driver for the canon ir adv c5540i basler camera software suite a modern typesafe, threadsafe, stackless ml. central regulatory domain database with txpower/channels modified for pentesters. please respect the law in your country python libraries used by ipa the file-roller with an additional patch to put temporary files in /tmp instead of ~/.cache (and thus to reduce the amount of writes to ssds). high-end 3d animation package reusable qt quick based ui controls to create classic desktop-style user interfaces (mingw-w64) man pages for the gimp drawing kit (gdk) 3 library an opentype implementation of stix fonts with math support adds apscheduler support to flask a return to castle wolfenstein modification which enables cooperative gameplay, based on iortcw displays various tables of dns traffic on your network a command-line project manager that integrates with git. validate/generate credit card checksums/names plymouth theme with peter the great st.petersburg polytechnic university logo. simple mpd tcp proxy babel sans truetype font chromium os multitouch input driver for xorg x server ros - a bond allows two processes, a and b, to know when the other has terminated, either cleanly or by crashing. temporary encrypted file lockers on the web a utility for managing cargo dependencies from the command line. authen-simple-ldap for perl an easy to use manager and mounter for encfs stashes kimtoy is an input method frontend for kde, this version can be run at both kde4 and kde5 without segmentation fault qt5 client for downloading movie subtitles from napiprojekt, opensubtitles, napisy24 simple gnome shell calculator in run dialog that you can use with altf2 jump to custom directories in zsh oslo serialization library the dungeon crawler where your friends control the monsters fast port of the osu! rhythm game haplotype-specific genome assembly toolkit wordpress.com desktop client object oriented input system (mingw-w64) feedreader is a modern desktop application designed to complement existing web-based rss accounts. cups driver for canon carps printers a pure-ruby library and command-line utility that provides the ability to deal with posix tar(1) archive files. firmware for afatech af9005 based usb dvb devices simple offline address generator for decred lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server (with standard, additional and 3rd party modules) minimalist fennec, the commonly used bits. a heavily modified version of the beautiful aurora engine a virtual network service for openstack - nuage plugin perl/cpan module authen::krb5 'parse and format postgresql dates and times' ros - components of moveit that offer interaction via interactive markers. terminal friendly bdf font by caffeinebasedlifeform global thermonuclear war game command line tcp load balancing with round-robin and failover. tracks your contacts with vcards and displays them to you with a text-based menu. a small c library which can create and read digital cinema packages using jpeg2000 and wav files levenberg-marquardt nonlinear least squares algorithms in c/c (mingw-w64) datetime helper functions and objects utility for finding interesting messages in log files openpht is a community driven fork of plex home theater ros - turtlebot_navigation. a el torito boot image extractor styled terminal markdown viewer dn42 root certificates for *.dn42 and 172.22.0.0/15 gamecube executable compressor ros - rosgraph contains the rosgraph command-line tool, which prints information about the ros computation graph. open source version of the scalable, non-blocking web server and tools (this package gives the old api for some applications) spectrum analyzer rendered on a desktop a multiplatform ldraw (virtual lego) editor that lets you edit ldraw model documents in real-time wrapper for the various internet archive apis (ia-s3, metadata api, etc) geocoding toolbox for python 3. includes geocoder classes for the openstreetmap,esri arcgis,google,baidu,bing,yahoo,yandex,ign france,geonames,navidata,openmapquest,what3words,opencage,smartystreets,geocoder.us, and geocodefarm geocoder services. a tcl interface to postgresql manage your ssh like a boss fork of openocd that has risc-v support service files for running startx as systemd user service openmpi bindings for tcl tacacs daemon an open source program to create digital cinema packages (dcp) for use in digital cinema library for binding to c libraries using pure ocaml queue up tasks from the shell for batch execution interactive ldap client for unix terminals epson printer driver (px-045a) ppd files for ricoh savin pcl printers, supplied by ricoh sendmail milter that pipes incoming mail through spamassassin metar decoder software package library a lightweight tray network monitor useful with netctl openvg implementation in opengl coupled reaction channels calculations plasma 5 widget that displays the currently used network bandwidth jhipster is a fully open source, widely used application generator. easily create high-quality spring boot  angularjs projects! heavily simplified scipy.signal.spectral module which only depends on numpy and supports pyfftw tty-clock with borderless-option partition management extention for postgresql a django reusable app providing the ability to use circular template inheritance ros - rosnode is a command-line tool for displaying debug information about ros nodes, including publications, subscriptions and connections. simple script to generate secure boot keys minimalist web rss reader (git version) meta package to satisfy dependencies for jasper's espeak tts engine. universal password manager data::guid - globally unique identifiers instant terminal sharing load log::any only if "logging is enabled" sf groove machine truetype font by shyfonts a bittorrent client implemented in c, with bugfixes and performance enhancements. interactive cli tool for http inspection command line utilities for working with epub files fast, multi-threaded malloc and nifty performance analysis tools (32-bit) library for decoding nintendo ds sound format files creates .info file for use with impressive and latex beamer an extensible and highly configurable alternative to redshift home library with librusec/flibusta support (binary build) delete unecessary minecraft chunks. software development kit for the web library for parsing dsh-style configuration files. required by dsh and other applications. ktag editor is a free and open source audio tag editor developed in qt5 framework. perl extension for portable daemons an object oriented gl/gles abstraction/utility layer (32-bit) command-line cpu load balancer written in rust easy pre and post assertions secure rdate replacement to update local time over https pylint plugin for analyzing celery flat-plat-blue theme is a gnome shell/gtk theme forked from flat-plat theme with blue tones a nested x server that runs as an x application - bleeding edge version a set of doxygen generated html documentation for the gnu standard c library places menu plugin for the xfce panel a clean object-oriented interface to gtk2::gladexml an open telemetry framework designed to simplify the collection, processing and publishing of system data through a single api. graphical interface for pinocchio and hpp. perl/cpan module authen::oath microchip's mplab xc32 c compiler toolchain for all of their 32bit microcontrollers access and modify images, sprites and animations from many different games the hyperledger composer clis for administering business networks geospatial data management and analysis, image processing, graphics/maps production, spatial modeling and visualization dns privacy daemon a rendering library for kate streams using pango and cairo (32-bit) lightweight cross platform c guid/uuid library a utility that prohibits mouse from entering dead space when screen spans over multiple monitors python library for nanomsg english (british) language pack for firefox beta read/sets the region code of dvd drives a faster, smarter web browser. the odb mysql runtime library complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mg5200 series (mg5250 etc.) binding between guile scheme and the gnome stack of libraries. (fe. pango, gtk, cairo, gstreamer, glade, gtksourceview and else). to build wrappers for gtk and higher in the stack, you will first need guile-cairo. a collection of routines for generic data structures manipulation text to speech engine for good quality english, with support for other languages: latest test version flavoured, a wallpaper by digitalshiva latex package for typesetting type inference rules conky - built for nvidia n (tolua_5.3 in aur) - see this pkgbuild source - just change one variable to build the git version - defaults to release version. kubernetes operations (kops) - production grade k8s installation, upgrades, and management a simple, lightweight, library for creating background jobs, and processing them simpler progress bars a minimal bitmessage client feature-rich pdf editor/viewer. create, view, edit and annotate plus much more. tool to crossmount between multiple input and output harddisk image files an gtk application to easily reduce and rotate images. high-level api for the libsolv library common files used by vte and vte3 free and opensource, amateur zelda game with humoristic characters. adch is a hub software for the adc network. (mercurial version) a new, domain-specific api for accessing reads, alignments and pileups produced from next generation sequencing. freedesktop.org message bus system with selinux support (documentation) ros - messages used by rocon interactions. c library that parses rdf/xml/n-triples into rdf triples - old v1 api for compatibility converts text with rot13 from stdin to stdout or text given as arguments. remote repository management made easy vdr plugin to drive a colored back lighting for tvs fetch historical japanese stock quotes on yahoo! japan finance. extra plugins for rhythmcat a php software to manage hotel reservations and booking fixes hardcoded tray icons a cross-platform source explorer for c/c and java scientific and mathematical calculations gui for 'mv': adds 'move or rename' to 'open-with' context menu for most files. a smith charting program, mainly designed for educational use a perl 6 charting and plotting library that produces svg output post encrypted files to usenet. georgian language pack for firefox beta ros - a multiplexer for command velocity inputs. additional support for proprietary codecs for opera applets for mate panel (gtk2 version) sync client for the lrz syncshare service firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - portuguese (portugal) tool to (over)clock intel 945gm/gme/gms/gse, 943/940gml/gu, and gma 950. library for storing and retrieving passwords and other secrets open source note-taking app for programmers ros - an rqt-based tool that assists monitoring tasks for moveit! motion planner developers and users. psgi engine for catalyst plotting library for qt5 mkinitcpio hook containing auto fsck a python wrapper fro the zotero api tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (zh-cn) http and webdav client library with a c interface collection of dpf-based plugins by distrho. lv2, ladspa, dssi and vst. system stability tester is a ram/cpu burning and benchmarking program based on calculating pi. a freeform single player space adventure in the spirit of frontier: elite ii. create a temporary database from a dbix::class::schema a query builder for postgresql, mysql and sqlite3, designed to be flexible, portable, and fun to use. atomiks is a faithful remake of, and a tribute to, atomix, a classic puzzle game a customized version of firefox designed for testing b2g os image converter for the knightos image format (kimg) aliyun odps command line tool ham radio networked logging and contest program - cli image file for squeak vm incremental completion and selection narrowing framework for emacs a django reusable app providing the ability to use circular template inheritance a regex library that implements perl 5-style regular expressions, includes pcregrep markdown backend for okular (git version) oslo context library ros - javascript ros message and service generators. amd accelerated parallel processing (app) sdk, 3.0 with opencl 2.0 support. libs and icd for non-catalyst users. the linux-xps13 kernel and modules gtk panel applet that lets you control moc (music on console) a virtual network service for openstack - vmware plugin lightweight weather gtk tray application. gd module for php kolab free/busy web application pokemon battle simulator for tty, .pkg files not included commands and tools for building conda packages vgetty - voice extension to the mgettysendfax program. arduide is a qt-based ide for the open-source arduino electronics prototyping platform. spanish dictionary for wps office simple multitran.com console client netbsd's mtree (supports legacy mtree spec, newer specs, etc.) apertium language data for the spanish-asturian translator. xarchiver with the ability to archive directories without a name change prebuilt ffmpeg-codecs package extracted from opera/opera-beta from herecura repository monospace font for programmers, successor of monoone stuff is a program that simulates “perfect” astronomical catalogues (build from source) cli tool to check x.509 cert validity on a set of tls/ssl servers a pygtk client for managing bash, readline, vim, and nano settings (git version) ros - stage version of turtlebot simulation. gdb command line interface and terminal emulator in (g)vim. lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp150c a modern, visually appealing greeter for lightdm. a comprehensive wrapper around the github api (v3) extensible upnp agent (proxy ip tv multicast to dlna) sample projects: pfeme, pfontview, playmusic an advanced protocol analyzing firewall clar's miscellaneous configuration. a modern music player made with electron - git version surrealistic adventure game about exploring the dreams of a hikikomori character named madotsuki.also known as "dream diary". english ver. the efl ide a graphical frontend for cups, the linux printing system a script that uploads an image to imgur and copies the image url to the clipboard an 8-op fm synthesizer vst plug-in oracle java 5 development kit (32-bit) (public release - end of support) backend-as-a-service solution to ease the backend development for connected and data-driven application extensions to xfce (development version) microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts windowmanagement environment for guile international components for unicode library (mingw-w64) canon inkjet printer driver (pixma mg3640, pixma mg3650, pixma mg5740, pixma mg5750, pixma mg6840, pixma mg6850, pixma mg7740, pixma mg7750) mr.boom is a 8 players bomberman clone for retroarch/libretro ros - rqt is a qt-based framework for gui development for ros. opentype text shaping engine xlsx to csv converter frequency driver for intel cpus with undervolting feature cross-platform desktop application that allows users to trade national currency (dollars, euros, etc) for bitcoin without relying on centralized exchanges c/c ide. free 30-day trial. trac xmlrpc library a sandboxed version of the tor browser provides a debian manpage for crc32 command line from perl-archive-zip library for manipulating mac os x icon files application that creates atlases for the j2me application trekbuddy taskflow for task-oriented systems hblox is an command line ad blocker for linux using the hosts file. (written in python 3) a web front end to aria2. eortologio is a console utility that displays fixed and movable feasts of the greek calendar. netflow collector, analyser and report generator. free software remake of sonic team's chuchu rocket moksha mail module built from git sources lightweight pure qt4 window manager simple video player for kde, based on the phonon libraries. add-ons for xmonad the freebsd architecture handbook from the freebsd documentation project. data files for shell ionisation cross-sections gawk extension - interface to redis via hiredis api vnc server for real x displays a console based jabber client. built against python 2, to use python 2 plugins. ldap schema for fusiondirectory dsa plugin c library for communicating with box0 implementations python library for the instapaper.com api multithreaded video transcoder (cli) - fraunhofer aac enabled (git version) ldap schema for fusiondirectory sudo plugin a modern, fast web-mail client with user-friendly encryption and privacy features. the graph-document nosql - community edition ant bloody theme for gtk 3.x faenza icon theme for mate modern and lightweight direct connect client with a friendly ncurses interface eyecandy full screen launcher script for openbox and other stand-alone window managers remember your yakuake session - directory, splitting terminal and virtual environment gstreamer cairo (software rendering) player backend for gnome twitch hdaps configuration for lenovo w520 opencl support for amd/ati radeon mesa drivers - non-libglvnd version displays thumbnails of jpeg files and enables to alter the orientation exif tag and comments. grantlee is a string template engine based on the django template system. documentation for python setuptools module. python implementation of metrics implementations a library of various supervised machine learning evaluation metrics provides ruby language bindings for the gnome libxml2 xml toolkit make slow motion and motion interpolated videos from the command line in-circuit programming (isp) tool for the nxp (philips) lpc1300 / lpc1700 / lpc2000 series arm7 / m0 / m3 microcontrollers python interface to cmu sphinxbase and pocketsphinx libraries trained language data for tesseract ocr engine terminal-emulator state machine. patched flavor (using patches from http://github.com/aetf/libtsm) a gmail notifier for gnome 3 hypriot flash tool for sd cards. btrfs: find compression type/ratio on a file or set of files themes for neovim-airline pure python library for png image encoding/decoding itertools. but picklable. lightweight pdf and xps viewer ros - diagnostic_common_diagnostics. an avg game engine for mobile devices music player for linux widget addons for qt model/view (mingw-w64) subprocesses for humans 2.0 auth against oauth2 apis qt platform theme plugin for apps integration with liri os a free chess database application a datetime object with as little code as possible gtk audio player userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat kone pure military devices a tool to browse your filesystem and see where the diskspace is being used at a glance (fork of filelight for headless environments). fortune quotes from ducktales automatically saves and synchronizes pacman and aur installed package lists into gists. view audio tag information in nemo's properties tab lua html5 parser and dom api transparent file encryption in git forked and improved version of inkscapeslide-git a small dlna server which brings dlna/upnp support to pulseaudio (development version) thoroughly testing objects via registered handlers a minimalist wsgi server using asyncio glibc plugin providing host name resolution for local top-level domains a console (ncurses) client for vk.com written in d (git upstream) an utility that adds special comments to a source code for analyzing the code by pvs-studio for free util for converting mysql slow query log records moksha forecasts module built from git sources openvpn update resolvconf strife my subs for general directory needs the project based build tool for go create layer mask from another layer mask. lua bindings for curses ocaml bindings to taglib simple virtual terminal emulator for x monoburg is a tree-rewriting system originating from mono. a slick-looking lightdm greeter sdl bindings package for idris. facebook protocol plugin for bitlbee a darker-themed fork of zagortenay333/numix-cinnamon a tool which allows you to compose wallpapers for x. desktop integration of high performance computing resources a git remote helper for gpg-encrypted remotes. raspberry pi arm, cpu gpu temperature monitor with various functions, python 3 extension for nautilus to hide files without renaming them official icon sets from blankon a new programming language in the standard ml family gstreamer multimedia framework base plugins (mingw-w64) programming language designed for analysis and transformation of computer languages (development version) a multi-threaded implementation of the corba notification service a lightweight next-generation 3d rendering and animation engine. an astronomical plotting library in python multiprecision rootfinder for complex roots of univariate polynomials automatic trait loading and resolution for catalyst components an implementation of a well known cryptographic ratchet in c a classic top down shooter, rife with explosions and things to explode, with a distinct visual style (version included in humble indie bundle no 3) cyberpower ups daemon png and mng tools partial dumping of data structures, optimized for argument printing. git scripts written by different people (collected by john wiegley) a simple validation library. streaming torrent client. mpd client a set of useful functions to extend lua (string, table, ...). a utility for manipulating ini files an api documentation generator for javascript tools for doing computation in game theory - git version c-extensions for python; kivy-compatible version a qt font-end for mplayer with the abilities of watching and downloading videos from chinese network simple percent encoding/decoding common development files for pygobject a library providing a set of interfaces for accessibility (mingw-w64) psycopg2 integration with coroutine libraries a graphical console viewer for virtual machines, without the ui widgets firmware, extractor, searcher and installer for blackberry 10 (official build) loader for php files encoded with ioncube php encoder an advanced system monitor for x based on torsmo with lua and nvidia enabled object for running system commands bullet physics wrapper for ogre vim plugin to work with r ros - generic joystick teleop for twist robots. real-time lpc analysis  synthesis  visualization: alsa version versatile package to perform molecular dynamics ros - package modeling the build-time dependencies for generating language bindings of messages. provides gui testing/interaction routines. fully-featured word processor from subversion sources the solus package build system a customized client by sushitee of this 2d shooting game a game management library used by the fusion launcher major mode for editing idris. python binding for libsass css compiler the best ide for typescript scipy is open-source software for mathematics, science, and engineering. enables the use of promethean hardware with classflow dynamic class mixing fork of s3fs test of logic and simple arithmetic in which the player positions numbers to satisfy six intersecting sums. standalone input method panel. kf5 branch. small command-line utility to set and query the tear free desktop option present in the amd catalyst. uses amd adl a tabbed extension for rxvt-unicode with several enhancements spanish translation for ultravnc viewer multi platform ark lite client git-flow shell completions ruby bindings for the musicbrainz discid library libdiscid. a generated c binding for the opengl api, generated using the gl.xml specification an efficient implementation of the higher-order logic programming language lambda prolog repoman is a quality assurance tool for gentoo ebuilds text objects based on indent levels include a full table of contents in your sphinx html sidebar a python file interface to s3. legacy 3.10 kernel headers for android building sanitized for use in userspace (arm-linux-gnueabihf) a command line interface to globus japanese language pack for firefox beta okcash daemon laslib is a c programming api for reading / writing lidar data stored in standard las format. a text editor in memorial to norton editor with block and binary operations full nvidia drivers' package for all kernels on the system (drivers and shared utilities and libraries) (beta version) openjdk java 8 headless runtime environment with infinality patch applied lazylpsolverlibs provides libraries that can replace at link time those of commercial lp solvers. gui program that converts video files to sound files using ffmpeg an easy to use, intuitive, and cross-language rpc - python binding. add modeline support to geany, a gtk2 code editor. top level class for generating u.n. edi interchange objects and subobjects. lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp353c/357c ros - this is a set of tools for recording from and playing back ros message without relying on the ros client library. a scientific report generator and literate programming tool for python. typescript execution environment and repl for node wikidpad is a wiki-like notebook for storing your thoughts, ideas, todo lists, contacts, or anything else you can think of to write down. a quick & dirty script to emulate raspberry pi family devices on your laptop z keeps track of where you've been and provides a convenient way to jump to directory that you actually use (git version) a powerful proprietary scanning tool developed by hamrick software java se development kit documentation 7 local continuous test runner with pytest and watchdog. a simple set of gpl'ed utilities to read, write, and manipulate files in an ext2/ext3 filesystem. an etl tool with support for location data adds task icons grouped by workspace to the panel. 3d resampling core. the grid library (libgrid) is the resampling backend for the libmini terrain rendering engine. a c implementation of statsd validate your cpan meta.yml files. an extension of the sbase *nix core utilities - git checkout export org mode documents to html, pdf, etc. a free note-taking and notes manager software for linux. meta-programming optimized dynamics library that provides robot dynamics algorithms. modern fortran toolkit for reading in and analyzing dcd simulation trajectories from lammps tomate plugin that plays a alrm when timer ends visualizing the frequency spectrum a tool for building icon fonts from svg images passphrase generator based on http://xkcd.com/936/ implementations of common collections an advanced radius web platform aimed at managing hotspots and general-purpose isp deployments. bayesian tree inference common resources used by fancontrol-gui and fancontrol-kcm easily write objects that delegate behavior minimal window manager - includes separate utilities load me later. a lazy loading plugin management system. tsinghua university network authentication client for linux. intel media sdk (only sdk files, no kernel patches, no system modifications) side-view arcade game (inspired by underwurlde and starquake, development version) a multichannel hard disk recorder and digital audio workstation log-in logging extension for cerberus the mustache template engine written in python pylstar is a free and open source python implementation of the lstar grammatical inference algorithm. at the moment egg is pulled from git. this is temporary, will be packaged as realease soon. metapackage for kinect v2 tools from institute for artificial intelligenceusing in bremen. time syncronization deamon for phonepi project a privacy-respecting, hackable metasearch engine (python3 based) a multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous i/o ros - filter which fuses angular velocities, accelerations, and (optionally) magnetic readings from a generic imu device into a quaternion to represent the orientation of the device wrt the global frame. dockapp showing a simple analog clock. generic scsi target subsystem for linux afew is an initial tagging script for notmuch mail constraint logic programming system a library to support openstreetmap's protocolbuffer binary format (osm pbf) openfabrics alliance infiniband verbs performance testing and benchmarking tools recursively mirror a directory tree of flac audio files to aac/ogg singstar-like teacher for guitar, piano, bass and ukulele another logger curses based disk partition manipulation program openfabrics alliance infiniband performance benchmark for bandwidth and latency amnesia: the dark descent is a first person survival horror game. gnu internationalization library - java libraries gamevox: voice communication for your gaming community this extension enables you to quickly switch between workspaces a set of ufo based objects for use in font editing applications. the linux-mainline kernel and modules ros - robot_model contains packages for modeling various aspects of robot information, specified in the xml robot description format (urdf). paged geometry plugin for ogre for fast rendering of trees and grass. openvpn configuration files for private internet access vpn varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko ros - a metapackage which extends ros_core and includes other basic non-robot tools like actionlib, dynamic reconfigure, nodelets, and pluginlib. browser that carries the best features from opera. an ftps kio slave for kde4, based on rfc4217 and build upon the ftp kio-slave sources python bindings for the hdf library (netcdf disabled). gnome service menus for beyond compare 4 return to the roots. a free clone of the settlers ii from 1996 (original copy required) fast, flexible and free open source system for indexing collections of web pages or other files multi-platform mpeg, vcd/dvd, and divx player (with decklink support) create, administer, query and explore valentina db, mysql, mariadb, postgresql and sqlite databases a maven repository manager. nexus 2 pidgin plugin to remember which chats are unread when connecting to a chat room ros - this package allows you to publish the state of a robot to tf. open source library for spi/i2c control via ftdi chips - fixed for python 3 ensime server bevel icon theme from the numix project data dependence analysis tool in the polyhedral model discover silent corruption on a filesystem plugin for vapoursynth: scenechange (include temporalsoften2 script) q.u.b.e: director’s cut is the definitive version of the brain-twisting first-person puzzler. a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtmultimedia) (5.1.x) smart card pkcs#11 provider and token manager stock market, commodity and technical analysis charting application check to see that versions in modules are sane. interface to perforce api for python 2 a nested x server that runs as an x application - bleeding edge version nanovg is small antialiased vector graphics rendering library for opengl. ros - common code for working with images in ros. sockjs python server implementation on top of tornado framework a typeface that looks like a helvetica printed in an old muller-brockmann book. microsoft azure command-line tools profile command module command line argument parser library, like getopt, except better. c version. kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. sql antaresia is a mysql administrative tool aimed at developers and sysadmins userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat ryosmk fx devices lapack plus plus: c and c interface to lapack python library to read the dht series of humidity and temperature sensors on a raspberry pi or beaglebone black. a program for the amateur multicast protocol general purpose library and file format for storing scientific data. this version is specifically compiled to be linked angains salome-platform. a textedit with pim-specific features 3d shooting game an opencl accelerated tdd/fdd lte scanner lightweight python wrapper for apache solr. kernel module support files for the zettabyte file system. (git version) an open-source service monitoring system and time series database (binary, not built from source) a python2 recursive descent parser, written in python, which has a a friendly, easy-to-use syntax java based open source system for operating secure distributed forums a tool that mimics the xbacklight functionality for intel_backlight. an open-source reimplementation of the famous x-com game markdown rendering for r a console-based mud client imap synchronisation, sync, copy or migration tool multibackend monitoring webinterface for naemon, nagios, icinga and shinken android sdk platform, api-24 vrms for archlinux a fast framework for deep learning built in c for speed with a python 3 interface automated blacklisting on repeated failed authentication attempts reliable private and pypi.python.org caching server mozilla runtime environment provides a simple event system dlib is a general purpose cross-platform c library designed using contract programming and modern c techniques. .net core clr enter the 14th millennium fighting an enemy that flows and oozes through the terrain. utility subroutines for building "inside-out" objects standalone web browser from mozilla — nightly build (es-mx) userspace implementation of the kqueue kernel event notification mechanism found in freebsd and other bsd-based (32-bit) free and open source driver for the steam controller (git version) the berkeley db embedded database system (x32 abi) general purpose cryptographic library based on the code from gnupg. latest commit from 1.5 branch - api version 11. an xml and python-driven rebirth of the aif (arch installation framework) project. continuation of faenza icon theme with up to date app icons firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - english (british) a dockapp for shutting down your machine a video downloader with qt gui (currently only youtube and vimeo are maintained, mingw-w64) jmicron ethernet linux driver a utility program for spinning-down external disks a free 3d mmorpg game with thousands of on-line players a fake http server a dynamic and extensible music library organizer a functionally reactive game engine feature-rich timer for a number of mechanical puzzles a java sql client for any jdbc compliant database small yet powerful content management system (cms) based on php, lts version themes for smplayer the linux-ck kernel and modules with the ck1 patchset featuring muqss cpu scheduler v0.162 kwrited sans-serif typeface from google fonts solr / solrcloud web application archive (war) ready to deploy on any java ee container fast, free viewer for the longman dictionary of contemporary english 5th edition translates between midi and csv. simple uml drawing tool (eclipse plugin version) php language plugin for kdevelop - git build the open watcom fortran/c/c compiler, binary distribution -v2 fork font family that imitates seven and fourteen segment displays a wrapper for dlfcn to the win32 api (mingw-w64) command-line package manager used on debian-based systems (git-latest) adjusts the color temperature of your screen according to your surroundings, without redshift-gtk gui. set of icons based from fedora and redhat a text-based client to the powerful mpd music server an object-oriented xml library for perl 6 a library for accessing floppy drive and disc images files whois querying and parsing of domain registration information draws python object reference graphs with graphviz canon inkjet printer driver (mg7500, mg6600, mg5600, mg2900, mb5300, mb5000, mb2300, mb2000, ip110, ib4000, e460 series) http testing tool a neo-classical top-down shooter for up to four players set on 17th-century british colonial mars (game sold separately) medical imaging data examiner rtags is a client/server application that indexes c/c code. a collection of dist::zilla plugins by cjm. cookfs file system for tcl create animated sprites and pixel art a tool for calculations of physical quantities patched version of keynav with improved grid creates waveform pngs out of audio files. piano roll editor for singing synthesis, supporting vocaloid, vocaloid2, utau, world, aquestone synthesis engines pure python interface to the pluggable authentication modules system on linux library implementing vkontakte.ru api. (git version) another tool for language recognition quelcom provides assorted tools to perform simple editing operations on mp3 and wav audio files. these include fading, check-and-clean, informational extraction and lossless cutting and joining without reencoding. shellsql is a suite of programs designed to enable linux/unix shell scripts to connect to sql engines and execute sql queries and commands in a simple way enabling intergration with the rest of the script, support db: postgres, mysql, sqlite3 and odbc a package to correct illumina dna sequencing reads simple randr daemon that reacts to monitor hotplug events challenge your opponent to a game of stick-man slaughter (game sold separately) create awesome subsets a new symbolic model checker a program to manipulate, inventory and decode grib-2 files open container initiative-based implementation of kubernetes container runtime interface small operating system for sensor motes, embedded devices gpl reimplementation of libdjb google translate with speech synthesis in your terminal as node package janusvr is a 3d vr internet browser most recent stable branch, upnp disabled, w/ bitcoin binaries, dev tools, gui, and wallet trained language data for tesseract ocr engine rdma core userspace libraries and daemons a minimalistic dynamic tiling window manager that tries to stay out of the way. portable open source library to import various well-known 3d model formats in an uniform manner. python binding. libcmaes is a multithreaded c11 library with python bindings for high performance blackbox stochastic optimization using the cma-es algorithm for covariance matrix adaptation evolution strategy. a shell library providing useful ui functions. a gnu social-compatible microblogging server plot graph using gnuplot in perl on the fly map helper functions for sass 3.3 maps generates a postscript description of an xkb keyboard description cross platform interactive decompiler. evented i/o for v8 javascript open-source multiplatform supported program for playing tabletop card games over a network. an image viewing/manipulation program an extension to dmenu for quickly opening files and folders. a plasmoid to track steam's specials and deals. gl open benchmark suite recreates a torrent download folder with fully and partially downloaded files a fork of mawk 1.3.3 restructured for embedding. jpeg format graphic files library (for nintendo gamecube/wii/wii u homebrew development) generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - kernel module translates words and sentences into any language open source implementation of the java servlet 4.0 and javaserver pages 2.3 technologies common files of hets open source computer vision library (legacy version) (samples) replacement dock for plasma desktops, providing an elegant and intuitive experience for your tasks and plasmoids- git version python implementation of the sane api (using ctypes) and abstration layer a graphical sequencer, based on iannis xenakis' works, for digital art. highly efficient djvu encoder for black-and-white images iop is the digital currency from the internet of people that enables instant payments to anyone, anywhere in the world. the pacman of repository managers. sync artists of your mpd database with your muspy account. a python-like language with hindley-milner-like type system, which is compiled to c pacman hook to run 'systemctl daemon-reload' on updates to system unit files a font based on the calligraphic hand used in the isabella breviary, made around 1497, in holland. allows you to toggle the game mode of minecraft worlds/saves. a java based remote management console used for managing 389 administration server and 389 directory server. fast light window manager a tool for managing dynamic website menus. lazylpsolverlibs provides libraries that can replace at link time those of commercial lp solvers. hex viewer a personal dictionary manager for anthy spanish (mexico) language pack for firefox beta life in the woods renaissance is a modpack for minecraft. vdr plugin to drive a colored back lighting for tvs post the contents of your current buffer to the pastebin service at codepad.org an emulator of the atari 800/800xl/130xe/5200 with various extensions report the historical and statistical running time of system linux client for crane gps watch (from aldi or hofer). it reads from the watch and writes to '.tcx', garmin training center file. allows ~/.xinitrc to be run as a session from your display manager a semantic file launcher a node.js and browser module that provides tooling around swagger. portable open source library to import various well-known 3d model formats in an uniform manner a php extension for redis joblties for working with 3.3's inspect.signature objects.ib is a set of tools to provide lightweight pipelining in python. shows information about the current state of vdr on targa usb graphic vacuum fluorescent display nvidia drivers for linux-zen kwidgetsaddons static cluster configuration database used for cluster configuration management. program to update personal user details file manager for the mate desktop (gtk3 version) python 2 library to monitor filesystem events. a command-line utility to name arbitrarily sized numbers using the conway-wechsler system numpy aware dynamic python compiler using llvm oslo serialization library a simple and convenient external disk manager for linux that sits in the tray. linux implementation of virtual router redundancy protocol - unofficial version by fredb a simple desktop diary. a fountain syntax editor and viewer. initcpio hook for copyng root files or overlayfs in tmpfs or zram a complete 8 band audio processor using the jack audio connection kit. tool for uploading files to wikimedia commons and other wikimedia projects perl module providing gnu c library compatible strftime for loggers and servers theme to match vim gruvbox retro theme for yakuake (kde4) sensible default end action. awk-like one-liners for python a bitmapped song ti (serif) chinese font - beta version python library to interact with the pebble smartwatch libretro port of pcem, based on mooch's personal fork of pcem, based on obattler's experimental branch linux twitter client designed for multiple columns of multiple accounts jeu de rôles / aventure libre en 3d (only in french) a graphical sequencer, based on iannis xenakis' works, for digital art (qt5). rietveld refinement backend for profex logo-inspired graphical turtle for sugar a gtk gui for lossless jpeg cropping (and rotating) sample image files for engauge copied into the doc subdirectory a console-based, per-folder, simple, and flexible todo list cli tool printing pdf files to an epilog laser cutter over the network python module that abstracts common color math operations czech hunspell/myspell dictionary output device that does nothing gearman api - client, worker, and admin client interfaces a ruijie v4 supplicant on linux and macos a fuzzy text selector menu for the terminal http reverse proxy, configurable at runtime, fast and safe, built in rust regular expression library for lua - posix version ros - rqt_gui_py enables gui plugins to use the python client library for ros. putilities to back up and restore used-blocks of a partition. the tengwar annatar ttf font family. (tolkein elvish) a tiny crossplatform proxy server ros - converts a 3d point cloud into a 2d laser scan. file based storage model for catalyst. sewing pattern drafting tool aiming to remake the garment industry python bindings for the enlightenment foundation libraries - development version allow configured programs to be run with superuser privileges by ordinary users user level public file sharing via webdav for mate (gtk2 version) bundler for your puppet modules. common routines for ruamel python packages this utility take two directory paths as arguments and makes them recursively identical searches running tmux sessions and attaches to them compiler for the gobject type system - version 0.12 zulu jvm built upon openjdk 8 a simple, high performance open source messaging system for cloud native applications, iot messaging, and microservices architectures. track down wasted disk space junction is a a humanist sans-serif, and the first open-source type project started by the league of moveable type. a highly configurable toolkit for training 3d/2d cnns and general neural networks jasspa.org microemacs editor x amateur station tracking and information reporting toolkit for working with crc32 checksums from the command line open gaming platform automatic 'series record' function. written for uk freeview ros - a python-based implementation of the ros serial protocol. blackfire profiler - php extension checks /proc for libraries being mapped but marked as deleted vpaint is an experimental vector graphics editor based on the vector animation complex technology. continuous integration server from jetbrains an extensible reader and decompiler for files in the chm format a cute 2d turn based strategy game a natural language parser is a program that works out the grammatical structure of sentences. a library implementing a small layer on top of the pkcs11 api anonymice powerline pythonic interface to ftdi devices using libftdi downloader for link.springer.com qt5/opengl sdr and signal analyzer frontend (with disabled sdrplay support) a drop-in substitute for py2.7's new collections.ordereddict nat-pmp server convert matplotlib figures into tikz/pgfplots automatic mounting of removable devices in /media using simple udev rules a set of python modules for machine learning and data mining. this version has multilayerperceptronclassifier support the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm eabi (bare-metal) target. kachina 505dsp - ham radio transceiver control program - docs bcachefs filesystem utilities monte carlo geometry and tracking version 3 shows reflection/configuration to aid the development of flask applications an open source server monitoring agent that stores metrics in elasticsearch (precompiled) emerald window decorator q light controller plus - the open dmx lighting desk software for controlling professional lighting fixtures. a simple and easy-to-use open source multi-track editor a generic thumbnailer for kde ros - utility functions for displaying and debugging data in rviz via published markers. sqlite wrapper library for c (mingw-w64) a set of pytest fixtures to test flask applications. a collection of units for the systemd user session. free team based fps/rts hybrid built on the ioq3 engine. includes community updates classes for a webkit2 based implementation and a new qml api (maintained fork) (patched with pdf scale and background fixes) yattag is a python library for generating html or xml in a pythonic way tool for sending e-mail notifications about changes in (log) files chrome & firefox browser extension for pass, a unix password manager library implementation of the media transfer protocol pure programming language, web package -- interfaces for database and web programming a small daemon to help session management python wrapper around sox wrapper around the cgal library that intents to implement 2d and 3d operations on ogc standards models ros - geometry_msgs provides messages for common geometric primitives such as points, vectors, and poses. ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) a small library for extracting rich content from urls. generic session plugin - ties together server side storage and client side state required to maintain session data. registry daemon, information cache and secure credential storage. the gnu c preprocessor internals. a shared object (so) library. streamlining phylogenomic data gathering, processing and visualization ros - rqt_pose_view provides a gui plugin for visualizing 3d poses. ros - tf2_msgs. c library for developing embedded linux systems ros - provides service calls for getting ros meta-information, like list of topics, services, params, etc. monospace font for pretty code listings and for the terminal (augmented with hellenic glyphs) cups driver for dell c2665dnf device manager for logitech's unifying receiver peripherals test your project's packaging friendliness (hg version) simplistic interactive filtering tool switchboard keyboard plug a daemon program controlling the wireless connection extendable mobile ad-hoc network emulator shrunked makes a smaller copy of your photos for emailing or upload. when it detects a jpeg image (such as a photo), you'll be asked if you want to resize it. client for billing system bgbilling 7.1 a javascript 3d rendering api for qt quick (mingw-w64) service and tools for management of snap packages. a yang (rfc 6020) validator and converter makes any pacman updates to the manpage index database much faster. a python2 db independent custom django field for storing version numbers for fast indexing. a spreadsheet program based on sc software and firmware for an open source hacker multi-tool that talks to electronic stuff nvidia drivers for linux-pf. a python plotting library, making publication quality plots open implementation of bd protocol. (git version) amqp 0.9.1 encoder & decoder. gimme is a shell script that knows how to install go. fancy! none a standalone html5 (with flash fallback) music streaming server based on cherrypy and jplayer. canon ij printer driver (mp280 series) scrot and imgur/s3 upload zenity gui the llvm compiler infrastructure (runtime libraries) zeromq integration with asyncio. ros - this package contains a tool to convert unified robot description format (urdf) documents into collaborative design activity (collada) documents. fast, easy, and free bittorrent client (qt gui) (sequential patch) run commands as the currently-active x11 user curses library on the win32 api for mingw-w64 offline intelligence application, allowing analysts to examine links between offline data command-line glsl/hlsl to spir-v compiler with clang-compatible arguments download all photos from http://stallman.org/photos/ kernel module driver for asix serial rs-232 port go-returns open source continuous replication / cluster synchronization thing a flat, grey theme with transparent elements for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell. latest commit from the master branch on github. the vp8 codec sdk (version 1.5, provides libvpx.so.3) firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - esperanto wallgen is a tool to generate wallpapers matching for your display configuration. highly scalable genomic feature operations. a script to build rpms for different architectures using docker a modbus library for linux, mac os x, freebsd, qnx and win32. vlc player, dummy package spiritual successor to the syndicate games firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - persian tools for reading and writing kickstart files command line interface to the concourse continuous integration tool python modules to convert numbers to words. (python3 version) dropbox light icons for dark panels portuguese hyphenation rules an internet radio browser dontpanic is a python app to look for any movie or serie and watch them in 'streaming'. it looks like popcorntime, but doesn't depend of a centralized api. engine to synthesize speech waveform from hmms trained by hts. oracle java 8 runtime enviroment (32-bit) compiz extra plugins ros - qt_gui_py_common provides common functionality for gui plugins written in python. a virtual network service for openstack - ovsvapp plugin agent a static library for chess bit.trip presents... runner2: future legend of rhythm alien python bindings for the cairo graphics library. git version. a browserify server for rapid prototyping utilities for sweave together with tex listings package airdc nano is a high-performance text-mode client for sharing and chatting. todo x window system qxl driver including xspice server devel::findref -- where is that reference to my variable hiding? ros - hardware interface base class. iterator pipelines for python python flexible slugify function a quakeworld client for win32/linux. you need the retail pak files to play. the linux kernel and modules with xanmod patches - lts branch python library for creating and updating powerpoint (.pptx) files synchronizes a collection of mailboxes using a 3-way diff general purpose cryptographic library based on the code from gnupg (mingw-w64) fast and direct raster i/o for use with numpy and scipy (python 2) python bindings for libnfc command line tool to assemble picoblaze code in xilinx, pblazide or extended syntax a fast, type-safe c entity-component system brainfuck interpreter with interactive shell a tool for analyzing and capturing data hidden between frames in an mp3 file or stream qt-based messenger for i2p network 65c02 simulation system a software motion detector which grabs images from video4linux devices and/or from webcams - mr-dave's fork a sound editor with jack enabled and gtk gui. cvs version load configuration from different file formats, transparently open source drivers for the kinect for windows v2 visualization software for solar image data in space weather context a roguelike dungeon-exploration game based on tolkien's books simple arma 3 launcher for linux android x86_64 system image, api-22 ldap schema for fusiondirectory user-reminder plugin ncurses bandwidth monitor the gnu macro processor unwarp images bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - cli tools (bcopy, bextract, bls, bregeq, bwild) a versatile bundle of latex2e document classes and packages a cladogram tree generator mainly used by gnu/linux distro timeline project a vst plugin that provides jack-midi support for vst hosts. open software for the suunto ambit(2) - git master branch software for blink(1) usb rgb led ros - rqt_gui provides the main to start an instance of the ros integrated graphical user interface provided by qt_gui. curses text-based mail client - handles multiple pop3, imap accounts, and local mail folders. contains a simple newsreader. this version has no dependencies to other courier libraries. kpty the native host for the watch with mpv chrome extension. a gkrellm plugin to read snmp agents heavily optimized library for deflate/zlib/gzip (de)compression adal for python ros - contains transforms (e.g. lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server - development version open-source drag & drop ui design tool for javafx (java 8) by gluon (binary) a c library a folding@home 3d simulation viewer platform security assessment framework qt5 library that implements the open collaboration services api the c10t mapper for minecraft move your gnome 3.16 shell panel to the bottom. fixes subpixel font rendering when using infinality fontconfig command line utilities for working with desktop entries jboss application server developer tools plugins for eclipse ide data acquisition library for packet i/o. location intelligence & data visualization tool kcompletion perl bindings for libxcb a telegram bot library, with simple route decorators. library for ogre targeted to help create nice-looking atmospheric effects. built against ogre 1.8. open multiple view geometry library. basis for 3d computer vision and structure from motion. texas instruments ti-99/4a home computer emulator an useful tool that lets you minimize interesting files subject to a test of their interestingness. a gui wrapper around sshfs, written in qt a highly scalable ircv3-compliant ircd (development version) access inotify events via python (this is not related to python-pynotify!) editor for ink: inkle's narrative scripting language a xboard chess engine that can play normal chess as well as a number of other games and chess variants base user interface library for tegaki a system status monitor for linux with x-windows, displays system resource usage in multiple graphs webvirtcloud is virtualization web interface for admins and users a portable vt100-like terminal emulator with minimal code and memory footprint and maximal unicode support. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-lts-userns kernel a local dns server base on winpcap and libpcap. multi-thread downloading tool set of c classes and macros which provide an event-driven simulation interface for modeling and describing complex hardware systems. ros - hardware interface base class. python client for influxdb (build from git) an application designed to brute force directories and files names on web/application servers a synthetic hardware platform designed specifically for use in cs161. 3d game about collecting mushrooms in outerspace a desktop calendar, todo list and event list open sound system unix audio architecture alpha versions of noto fonts. provides cpu identification for x86 (and x86_64) python client library for owncloud an xboard chess engine including a text-based interface and variant support (standard, bughouse, crazyhouse, antichess, losers) resin.io command line interface, development version a java version of the classic risk board game. yet another ham radio logbook - w/ lotw & ncurses based library for python 2 and 3 to communicate with the google chromecast vme device driver for linux 2.x & 3.x modern graphical system monitor, standalone version play danmaku on any screen find symbol information in go source systems biology graphical notation library apache commons mathematics library ros - rqt_gui provides the main to start an instance of the ros integrated graphical user interface provided by qt_gui. implements a library that allows you to load an hpp-model robot by parsing an urdf robot model file. a module to control raspberry pi gpio channels canon ij printer driver (for mx340 series) a portable gui library for c play and record sound with python qt5 configuration utility patched to allow applications to override the theme lua-ex (extensionproposal) is an api and implementation for additional non-ansi functions in the os and io namespaces. software for pixelization, hierarchical indexation, synthesis, analysis, and visualization of data on the sphere. ocrodjvu is a wrapper for ocr systems, that allows you to perform ocr on djvu files. a powerful file manager for the unix console. this package downloads the latest source from version control. ros - components of moveit that offer visualization. a vst plugin synth closely modelled on the yamaha dx7 bonita bpm studio with embedded engine  portal icons to emulate a windows 10 look py3exiv2 is a python3 binding to exiv2, the c library for manipulation of exif, iptc and xmp image metadata. a minimal unit testing framework for the c programming language. a library aimed to make it easy to implement spawnable class methods in the vala language django database backends that permit registering post-transaction-commit hooks python-based latex document processing framework a flat theme for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell (without transparency) open-source vinyl emulation software for linux. a 100% compatible version of commodore's version of microsoft basic 6502 php extension for threading api a billiard-golf-breakout mix simple client for uploading text to a haste-server (hastebin) (development version) it send email with attachment when it found any picture on specified directory (designed to work with motion) podcast parser for gpodder a tiny and smart terminal player of douban.fm. sfemovie is a simple c library that lets you play movies in sfml based applications. it relies on ffmpeg to read medias and remains consistent with sfml's naming conventions. pull issues from issue trackers into taskwarrior (github, gitlab, bitbucket, etc.) application for the visualization of cad drawing files, qt5 version a plugin for the gimp version 2.8. it allows you to load and save images in the direct draw surface (dds) format debianize go library packages read plain-text files in blazing speed ros - metapackage of geometry tutorials ros. super fast fixed-point mp3 encoder m japanese outline fonts a powerful c flow-based programming library that allows you to create and route (or "patch") high performance data processing circuits. make objects with circular references destroy normally pony reimplementation of cowsay. (develop branch) adjust your monitor's gamma settings purevpn configurations for networkmanager lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp135c an objected-oriented perl interface to imagemagick a mailing list management system a script to colorize the terminal output of latex compilers the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for the adapteva epiphany target a java application to resize and decorate pictures with borders, text and watermarks creates a pop-up that describes the commonly used keyboard shortcuts in gnome shell libretro implementation of 4do/libfreedo (3do) dark, monochromatic and translucent skin for yakuake (kde4) bitcoin unlimited versions of bitcoind, bitcoin-cli, bitcoin-tx, and bitcoin-qt, w/gui and wallet firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - malay tipc utilities package for linux a vim / gvim color scheme that tries not to suck as hard as the existing ones library containing high-performance datastructures and utilities for c used by hyperdex simple radius authentication the core part of the chakra javascript engine that powers microsoft edge ruby bindings to https://github.com/ry/http-parser and https://github.com/a2800276/http-parser.java learn messages as junk/not junk. (with support for external learn commands.) an email app for nextcloud microsoft sql server for linux nokia nbu, nbf, nfb, nfc and arc backup file parser, extractor and viewer. kmail power tools prints hello world and more jaziku is statistical inference software for the teleconnections analysis a c library for creating excel xlsx files this is a python port of a ruby port of arc90’s readability project a pure-python implementation of the amqp 0-9-1 protocol gimp plugin script that adds reflection to pictures and images with a single click graphical interface to mbm-gpsd medical image viewer and dicom client. binary package and libs extracted from debian. deepin libwine artwork for red hat default look-and-feel (themes, icons) from fedora leechblock is a simple free productivity tool designed to block those time-wasting sites that can suck the life out of your working day. yeoman generator for karma xdmcp query proxy standalone (a.k.a. projector) version of adobe's flash player perl extension for getting cpu information. currently only number of cpu's supported. an x11 utility that hides the mouse pointer after a specified interval of time epglv plugin for mysql/mariadb mcabber-crew jabber client with extended autocompletion and highlighting the proteanos development kit kde gui for the wacom linux drivers a simple command-line interface to the linode platform ros - robot apps for kobuki. a python library for automating interaction with websites create sticky notes, to-do lists, reminders and other notes in one place. alien versus predator gold data files (from steam) ansi common lisp interpreter, compiler and debugger libappindicator patched to improve user experience under plasma 5 (single click activation via activate dbus method) nvidia drivers libraries symlinks multi-pattern string replacement and file renaming, a command-line search-and-replace swiss army knife steelseries sensei raw configuration tool embed these famous icons in your code desktop-independent graphical login manager for x11 with synergy support dovecot auth for radicale provides a python function to get the first element of an iterator. kernel for linode servers virtualbox guest userspace utilities a simple terminal rss feed reader systemd service file for the owncloud client extended font collection meta package, ported from infinality (lite version). lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-5895cw, aur package based on the brother-mfc-5890cn package by morn bash script to handle pass storages in a convenient way simple client-server application to upload files/text plugin for storing filesystem quota per user inside ldap tree weave a tarball sequence into a git repository grenchman lets you run clojure code quickly. auto mount local and nfs noauto fstab mounts spike, a risc-v isa simulator minimal dumb-terminal emulation program, very much like minicom. development version io::socket with read/write timeout console display manager based on cdm a tool to automatically receive and install x.509 certificates to enable tls on servers. the client will interoperate with the let’s encrypt ca which will be issuing browser-trusted certificates for free. steam controller c library c benchmark authoring library/framework a beautiful persian font based on samim font. convenient wrapper for running encrypted backups with rsync wxwidgets gtk2 toolkit (gnome/gstreamer free!) counts the number of files in a directory power management tool for the mate desktop (gtk2 version) c implementation of w3c security standards for xml utility that generates grace formatting directives from latex zx spectrum .bin to .tap converter an information management tool. a useful app for github notifications more than just a freeware clone of the well known game counter-strike python wrapper for ssdeep fuzzy hashing library adds xinput support to wine without modifying the source binaries of wine. create sqlite db for docset from a doxygen tag file ros - ros packaging system. a simple, lightweight oauth2 client a project that gives those involved the ability to pass through any firewall or proxy return to castle wolfenstein single player pk3s files (shared use) kde control module for the fancontrol script and systemd service integrate cairo into the glib type system a set of open-source libraries designed to be used as building blocks for quickly assembling 3d simulations, games, and visualization applications. completely free enterprise-ready python distribution for large-scale data processing, predictive analytics, and scientific computing. complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mx410 series. includes greyscale patch. numix pack for kde plasma5 - git version ros - this stack provides python bindings for qt. sysvinit compat for systemd ultimate python 3 colorized logger with user-custom color extension for printf format strings a donkey kong game whit some grafics themes ispired on clasicals movies like star wars, indiana jones, alien, etc tools for working with sam/bam data a dynamic and extendible menu-driven program launcher, using dmenu a framework for rtl synthesis a simple helpful robot for your company a graphical browser for file and directory differences. a gtkmm3 ui for streamlink console/gui audio visualizer for alsa/pulseaudio extra tools built using clang's tooling apis addons for boswars. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-bfq-mq-git kernel almighty lightweight fact remote exchange daemon dist::zilla with changes check this mod adds a whole bunch of new items to minetest suitable for decorating inside and outside a home. an open source typeface family for display and titling use. an easy to use oracle database load generator. slovene dictionary for aspell libmacaroons provides flexible authorization credentials that support decentralized delegation, attenuation, and verification, and is used by hyperdex. dns service management header files and scripts to build modules for linux-lqx. view space usage in your terminal. a linux extension that adds support to the /etc/resolver/[suffix]. a terminal user interface for redshift ros - visualization_msgs is a set of messages used by higher level packages, such as rviz, that deal in visualization-specific data. authenticate prosody users against pam modern graphical system monitor, system tray version a simple, powerful, and secure vertcoin wallet which has no sync time or long waits for the blockchain to download. watch a directory and execute a command on file creation/deletion/modification high-performance word generator with a per-position configureable charset open source novel writing software for novelists, authors and creative writers libretro implementation of gpsp simple netsoul client io::prompt::tiny - prompt for user input with a default option gnome colors icon theme ctypes.sh is a bash plugin that allows you to call routines in shared libraries from within bash space mono font by colophon (from google fonts) python wrapper for the liblo osc library xfce panel plugin for adjusting the value passed to a command ros - the interactive_marker_tutorials package. kde interface for latex graphic tools (such as tikz, gnuplot, circuit macros) to produce publication-ready pictures a particle physics package for monte carlo simulation of collider events. ros - this metapackage depends on the smach visualization tools. command line toolkit for robotops. a comprehensive wrapper around the github api (v3) inspired by the metacity theme "fresh". two xfwm themes are included, axiom for bright themes and axiomd for dark themes. an openapi codec for core api. acme protocol implementation for python mostly orthogonal sequencing server ivy feature and bundle for ivyde plugins for outwiker a dictionary lookup program and en<->de dictionary table number filter for pandoc canon ij scanner driver (for mg8100 series) view the actual frequency and change cpu frequency governor from gnome shell. ros - rtab-maps standalone library. the rust package manager a ready-to-use tool and a python module for converting cr2 raw files into fits images tools to work with ubuntu touch morning_star gtk themes collection abkai xanyan ttf font for manchu, sibe and daur scripts default terminal emulation application for deepin le wild xmms2 client, a simple media library browser perl multithreaded multipart sync to amazon glacier a set of tools to keep your pinned python dependencies fresh. tool for simulating superuser privileges,with tcp ipc a gtk2 based epwing dictionary viewer. 4l: lacie lightscribe labeler for linux precision colors for machines and people. user interface library for gnome python module for writing html by building a tree from different classes data recovery program for ntfs file systems do not start a fullblown getty before it is necessary turn your mobile phone or tablet into a set of wireless mouse and keyboard. mikrotik routeros gui configurator (wine) this is a much improved port of the q tk module which lets you develop gui applications with tcl/tk. the module embeds a tcl/tk interpreter in your pure programs. graph library for ocaml brainwave entrainment application gobject xml and serialization api an open-source c library developed and used at facebook. shark c machine learning library single executable web server with lua, markdown, quic and pongo2 support speed up your sass compilation by making @import only import each file once. orange3 add-on for exploring time series and sequential data. a high performance http, ftp and smb server use socket activation with tornado c library and tools for interacting with the linux gpio character device kurly is an alternative to the widely popular curl program written in go. pseudorandom number sequence test tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (es-es) leaner css, in your browser or ruby (via less.js) a data structure for rectangular numeric data and sample/variable annotations. additional vim syntax highlighting for c (including c11/14) audio encoder which generates compressed audio streams based on atsc a/52 specification. (git version) additional plugins for psi (built with qt 5.x) armory bitcoin wallet, built from new, official github repo w/auto selection of current python2 version restic is a program that does backups right. fifo library for lua 5.2 convert matplotlib figures into tikz/pgfplots a python module that implements sha-3 (keccak) with a hashlib-like interface daylight savings aware transformations between times in different time zones a highly-available key value store for shared configuration and service discovery. allows to open multiple luks containers during boot (optionally using just a single passphrase) a simulator for conway's game of life and other cellular automata dsl for nested schemas. umatrix, maintained by gorhill, git version. powerful client for individuals interested in streaming live radio shows (port to py3/gtk3, plus some other stuff) ansi cursor movement and graphics canon inkjet printer driver mg3600 s-expression parser for python object oriented client interface for tvrage.com's xml based api feeds a c dynamically typed composable object library with de/serializers really fast single line notes for the cli. the gnu debugger (mingw-w64) openssl bindings for perl 6 a program for reading and handling epub e-books and opds catalogs an open source, multi-platform system for issue tracking and team collaboration. given a starting date, a number of days and a list of days to be skipped, returns the date x number of days away. a command line tool to change backlit colors of your msi keyboard emacs mode for lilypond editing. software version control visualization ibm plex mono, sans, and serif typefaces this is a version of the kde4 port of the 'reflektions' icons orlite::migrate - extremely light weight sqlite-specific schema migration' libpsl bindings for lua 5.2 client for fedora's cross-distribution upstream release monitoring jack audio client module for python library for ogre targeted at helping to create nice-looking atmospheric effects. a daemon for controlling display backlight using an ambient light sensor nginx mainline module with ability to purge content from fastcgi, proxy, scgi and uwsgi caches console-based audio visualizer for alsa tigervnc (viewer only), forked from the vnc 4 branch of tightvnc. gstreamer multimedia framework base plugin libraries rocrail - model railroad control system a generic shell script compiler. the matchit.vim script allows you to configure % to match more than just single characters a virtual network service for openstack - plumgrid plugin a gtk utility for computing message digests or checksums (nemo filemanager plugin) download and manage tv shows ensime server a tool for creating the root filesystem of libvirt-based containers. driver and tools for controlling a telldus technologies tellstick a graphical interface (gui) for easily configuring synergy2 management of your collection anime, manga, amv and dorama cern's lhc dashboard for desktop. uses electron, v1.6.10 open source discrete element method particle simulation software - post processing (pizza.py) a link status monitor which can be used to monitor for example a linux router/firewall connectivity foolsm easily create and use virtualenvs via script and provides the ability for an application to install and use its runtime dependencies on first import ros - hector_marker_drawing provides convenience functions for easier publishing of visualization markers. an open source git extension for versioning large files decorators for profiling/timing/tracing individual functions russian hunspell dictionary llvm syntax highlighting for katepart 5. provisioning tool for systemd in initramfs (systemd-tool) graphical console engine for swing highly extensible and scalable open source web crawler software project. portable shared-state concurrency for common lisp qtquick and wayland based shell for convergence mopidy extension using it as an alarm clock. ahven is a simple unit test framework for the ada programming language. the nanotts speech synthesizer (git version) cross-platform audio output library and plugins (with sndio support) easyprocess is an easy to use python subprocess interface. a script helps you quickly upload the codes or pictures to vim-cn a set of python 3.x bindings for the qt toolkit d completion daemon: auto-complete for the d programming language digital signal processing library linux guest environment for google compute engine perl/cpan module net::pcap osmocom library for a-bis interface utility to control the leds of the steelseries siberia v2 frost edition headset submit isrcs from disc to musicbrainz contains the documents templates for the office productivity packet-o-matic real time network packet capture forensic tool web interface lets encrypt client and acme library written in go pyotp is a python library for generating and verifying one-time passwords browse and inspect gtk and gdk objects open-source mesh generation ultimate python 3 colorized logger with user-custom colors epson printer driver (m100, m105, m200, m205) high-speed character set detection library (development version) tray icon for rhythmbox 2.9 with rating feature opengl wrapper for c the last go with a toolchain written in c, used for bootstrapping the build process for later gos cinnamon file manager, git-version all-in-one software for remote support and online meetings a package for working with dynamic models compliant with the fmi standard. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-7340 printer python omemo library java decompiler (jd-eclipse) to display sources for compiled classes and libraries. an open-source documentation generator for multiple programming languages. rss/atom feed generator for vine users arc cyberfox theme gnu debugger for msp430 package for preparing papers in american astronomical society (aas) journals python library for printing trees on the console. a simple gnu social client developed in qt softmaker office 2012, proprietary office suite; word processing, spreadsheets, presentations header files and scripts for building modules for linux-vfio kernel erewhon is based on the heuristica family, which is based in turn on utopia. the size is 6% smaller than heuristica, matching that of utopiastd. french language pack for firefox beta portuguese language stemming settings manager for xfce applets for mate panel (gtk3 version) extra mobs for minetest. tic-80 tiny computer emulator a plymouth theme with a dark background and a big spinner around the archlinux logo. fast and highly configurable image viewer with a simple and nice interface. python client library for designate kernel module allowing to switch dedicated graphics card on optimus laptops (git version) a digital camera profiling tool the posix standard archive tool, supporting the two most common forms of standard unix archive (backup) files - cpio and tar. plugin to manage your channellists mojo loader atmospheric and radiometric correction of satellite imagery real-time terrain rendering. display high-resolution geospatial terrain data at real-time. equinox emerald themes a chroot with more isolation. ros - the state machine compiler (smc) from http://smc.sourceforge.net/ converts a language-independent description of a state machine into the source code to support that state machine. square icon theme from the numix project recursive internetwork architecture (rina) user/kernel prototype written in c/c a parsing, static analysis and proof management tool incorporating various provers and different specification languages. an extended version of python's builtin glob module that can capture patterns and supports recursive wildcards a postgresql extension for storing point cloud (lidar) data command line tool to share your unix terminal and forward local tcp ports to people you trust. lightworks is a professional video editing suite a turn-based tactics game which takes the player through various battles of the first world war. italian version of festival simple irc bot baseclass pure python implementation of ssl and tls ros - a ros driver for v4l usb cameras. esp8266 fs management tool provided by adafruit a virtual network service for openstack - linuxbridge plugin gkrellm plugin which allows you to control xmms from within gkrellm. a multiplatform password manager - rc version a powerful, open source object-relational database system bibtex parser in python2 3d engine with python bindings. runtime and web plugin. command line tool to rip tracks from audio cds and encode them library to access blu-ray disks for video playback (mingw-w64) divand performs an n-dimensional variational analysis (interpolation) of arbitrarily located observations. kubernetes operations (kops) - production grade k8s installation, upgrades, and management translate word or phrase using yandex services epson printer driver (workforce k101, k100, k200) a spell checker designed to eventually replace ispell (mingw-w64) milena is a polish speech synthesizer for linux (basewords) an in-memory database with pre-compiled java stored procedures (enterprise edition) ros - common statistical structures and algorithms for control systems. control multiple net::ssh connections via a single interface. automatically fetch gitignore files for any project type from github into your new project python cffi bindings for libzfs cracks passwords over multiple computers using john message transfer agent (built with gnutls instead of openssl) a set of c headers allowing a simpler access to binary structures such as specified by mpeg, dvb, ietf, smpte, ieee, scte, etc suite of python modules allowing to connect in a safe and efficient way between a threaded python application and a database the eksblowfish block cipher a flat theme with transparent elements. based on the arc theme: https://github.com/horst3180/arc-theme build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) patched ssmtp mta with support for plain authentication simple to use, blazing fast and thoroughly tested websocket client, server and console for node.js, up-to-date against rfc-6455 a gui tool to create a usb system that can boot multiple distro's a free software media publishing platform simple tool to manage encrypted storage a perlio layer that adds read & write timeout to a handle perl module for combinatorial counting operations python quantum chemistry reloaded. this is a rewrite of the standard pyquante program to clean up things that have been nagging me. downloads the national weather service metar bulletins, anv and mrf forecasts, and any weather map for display in a windowmaker dockapp python gpx (gps exchange format) parser an addictve retro-style game an open-source, non-linear, next gen video editor, based on libopenshot. meslo lg is a customized version of apple's menlo font (includes dz version) command line interface formulation framework racket script to show system information, lightweight alternative to screenfetch. thot is a line scanner application, primarily targetting ciclop scanner provides us keymap with capslock key remapped to backspace ocaml syntax extension for inserting the current location theme collection for awesomewm, updated for 3.5.2. this is the successor of awesome34-themes-git ebu r128 loudness normalization tool oop for reading and writing xbel documents approximately-maximum-likelihood trees for large alignments a tool for fetching code small command-line utilities blossomspokemongomanager is a tool created for managing your game. it allows you to sort your pokémon by several values, to rename, transfer, evolve or to power-up one or several of them. (note: read the pkgbuild!) perl/cpan module pdf::fromhtml: convert html documents to pdf llvm-to-javascript compiler hide the mouse cursor when typing reads commands from standard input and executes them in parallel. embodiment of scarlet devil trial version. sixth game of the touhou project series; pytouhou version. the interactive shell for couchdb ros - this package defines messages commonly used in mapping packages. implementation of the freedesktop.org xdg basedirectory specifications the devil's dictionary by ambrose bierce for dictd et al. an audio library tagger, manager and player an ncurses-based ldapbrowser tool to template configuration files by environment variables and optionally replace itself with the target binary. rofi frontend for buku bookmarks manager pulseaudio plugin for xfce4 panel a gui based lossless image compressor. cross-platform desktop application that allows users to trade national currency (dollars, euros, etc) for bitcoin without relying on centralized exchanges advanced front-end for mplayer/mpv system monitor package for gtk2 sircmpwn's assembler and linker z for vim remoteapp connection manager emmanuel grumbach's fork of linux-firmware.git this packages the perl-pdf-create distribution, containing the pdf::create module! a platform mining adventure with strong metroidvanian influences. play train compete a password manager for midori the (mostly) mainline linux kernel and modules for odroid u3 a library for support vector machines classification, include binaries and python bindings. lean theorem prover sumo is an open source, highly portable, microscopic and continuous road traffic simulation package designed to handle large road networks a standalone language identification (langid) tool rpm package manager - rpm.org fork, used in major rpm distros a program that computes ambient brightness and sets screen's correct backlight using a webcam. development git version. official digital devices driver package as dkms a small upnp client library/tool to access internet gateway devices (git) indic truetype fonts from fedora project one of the first graphical web browsers python script to get stock quotes and calculate gains and losses smart sql editor and advanced database client packed together for optimum productivity view and edit tags for opus files from the command line. a comparison tool for binary files that assists vulnerability researchers and engineers to quickly find differences and similarities in disassembled code. qvwm is a windows 95/98/nt like window manager for x window system. nautilus extension to do a reverse image search in google from a local file (beware that this uploads images to transfer.sh and google so use only if no privacy concerns). ros - python ros message and service generators. restores the tray icon functionality from the 0.x series. please report pkgbuild bugs at https://github.com/ystein/archlinux-aur-packages. fortune quotes from chuck a pure python implementation of the otr encryption protocol. git version. a migration tool for cvs to svn/git/hg/bzr lxqt session mount duplicity backups with userspace filesystem additional levels for chroma (xor and enigma sets) a quantum chemistry and solid state physics software package for atomistic simulations of solid state, liquid, molecular, periodic, material, crystal, and biological systems. (precompiled, openmp) soundpack for teamspeak 3. making it sound like the game portal. enchant provider for patronus grammar checking library perl module providing cross-platform functions emulating common shell commands green end sftp server - experimental free sftp server implementation of the geis (gesture engine interface and support) interface. tools for comparing and patching xml files xubuntu themes and artwork vdr plugin to create dvds gui frontend for bibtex, written in java -- built from git robotics systems types converters fro c ndpi as netfilter extension. weak signal propagation reporter posix serial port access module for python classes with reference semantics minimal dhcpv6 and ra-client for use in embedded linux systems php extension for interfacing with messagepack viewer for tunerstudio/megasquirt logs efficient comparison of multiple large files converts numbers to money sum in words (in russian roubles) python toolkit for stream-based generation of output for the web. (no native speedups) jabberd1 package extract rgssad/rgss2a/rgss3a files. class and tools for handling of ipv4 and ipv6 addresses and networks renders video input as ascii (to the terminal, textfile, or live webpage) belarusian language pack for firefox beta x11 direct graphics access extension library (32 bit) various settings and changes for the dash in zorin desktop. proper project management in vim. standing on the shoulders of vimwiki and taskwarrior completely transparent theme for hiding the x11 cursor bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - cli tools with database dpendencies (dbcheck, bscan) a small program to dump gwyddion .gwy file structure in a human-readable text format utility to extract and repack android backups created with adb backup minimize caching effects virtual terminal emulator widget for use with gtk3 high-end 3d animation package elementary theme for kde pgp packet parser library. a library for checking the ink level of your printer a program suitable for all trades or crafts a script to allow a user to perform git commands on files by referencing the files by numbers instead of names package upgradability problem solver vidyodesktop(tm) video conferencing client sdl graphic primitives (mingw-w64) boot process performance visualization plyvel, a fast and feature-rich python interface to leveldb cernvm webapi based on uri-handlers an efficient implementation of tree data structure in python ros - roscpp is a c implementation of ros. a mail user agent for unix systems. a free, open-source program to generate digital cinema packages (dcps) from videos or images tool to generate compilation database for clang tooling transparent proxy for i2p. fast dictionary viewer for the longman dictionary of contemporary english (ldoce) 5th edition work with nestable pod elements seamless r and c integration an alternative front-end to the mediathekview database. (development version) php bindings for geos python implementation of the multistate bennett acceptance ratio (mbar) method for estimating expectations and free energy differences. audio player with a midnight commander interface pure python hdfs client high-level environment to create compilers and libraries for virtual machines (moarvm backend) provides access to sensor hardware and motion gesture recognition (mingw-w64) lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j485dw use guile scheme code and libraries in your perl 6 code canon ij scanner driver (common package) a clone of the classic arcade game frogger report bugs in the debian distribution  python modules yet another scrolling scope sound theme for linux desktop made by japanimation voice actor 'shimoda asami' and opensourcesoftwarechannel. this is made for cheering libreoffice paragon ntfs & hfs tools. requires purchase of paragon ntfs & hfs for linux professional. a collection of type1 and truetype hebrew fonts arduino prototyping platform: avr hardware support this decorator will turn your normal python functions into proper shell commands genetic data matrix converter and concatenator qemu glusterfs block module. git version. library and cli utility to send messages to mattermost's incoming webhooks vnc remote desktop client software by realvnc binding generator for rust language c-style structs for python nagios-plugin to check the status of a zfs pool. crosstool-ng toolchain - x-tools package for armv6h compiling a lightweight osc (open sound control) implementation a pure perl multi-level hash/array dbm that supports transactions fork of python 2 and 3 ast (abstract syntax trees) modules with type comment support management plugin for developers graphical class/resource browser for xt javascript build tool, similar to make or rake opengl image viewer domine is a perfect choice for newspapers or blogs where text is the main focus, from pablo impallari successor to patch-o-matic(-ng). contains extensions that were not accepted in the main xtables. dkms flavor for kernels >= 3.7. mycroft ai plasmoid / widget for kde plasma 5 desktop kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-hardened-apparmor kernel http/2 web server with automatic https, forked from caddy to remove sponsored headers. the only framework that makes responsive-email easy. iscan plugin for epson perfection v550 photo a code editor written in c and qt4; a clone of scite a simple gtk metronome for jack based on klick a nintendo gameboy emulator for the linux console grid and cloud simulator (stable version) double-entry accounting ledger file format converter entropy feeder based on cpu jitter rng a scheme subset designed for atmel microcontrollers, especially as found on arduino boards zope interfaces for python 3.x (build for pypy) the tcl scripting language with threading disabled perl 6 implementation of the rc4 encryption algorithm gui client for kismet (wireless scanner/sniffer/monitor) mapper of short reads from illumina sequencing machines onto a reference genome trained language data for tesseract ocr engine an interpreted language with a focus on expressiveness and type safety object oriented interface for searching and manipulating ldap-entries asynchronous c library and cli for encrypted file transfer on the storj network dvblink viewer is the tv viewer app for the dvblink server for streaming tv. an opinionated static site generator - precompiled binary from official repository simple background setter based on imlib2 a open source cluster scheduler cloudflare pki and tls toolkit command-line client for patchwork an open source, moddable fighting game engine (aka beats of rage), rofl0r's optimized fork tool aimed at helping malware researchers to identify and classify malware samples a fast, parallel, featured python unit-testing framework (python2 version) a graphical user interface for the gnupg dropbox systray icons that fit better in kde radical and innovative multiplatform c framework (known as u) — nightly build provides weather forecast information to be displayed in conky. opengl compositing window manager. includes friendly defaults, gwd theme selector and autostart for xfce & mate. ros - rqt_graph provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros computation graph. pretty and useful exceptions in python, automatically editix is a powerful and easy to use xml editor, visual schema editor, xquery editor and xslt debugger browser installer for wine-silverlight, shared between netflix-desktop and pipelight graph computation for nn a modbus library for linux, mac os x, freebsd, qnx and win32 (github version) mediafire shell and fuse driver japanese truetype font obtained by mixing m and open sans python wrapper for the suite of non-linear differential/algebraic solvers (sundials) a library for parsing and interpreting the results of computational chemistry packages. (git version) a modern, very lightweight, portable, optionally typed programming language and vm written in c featuring blazingly fast real concurrency, defer, oop, aop, bytecode, high-level standard library, advanced modules & bindings and much more! converts files between various character sets and usages patched with pybliographer patch a tool for managing amstrad cpc dsk images use aes256 (cbc mode, password sha256 hashed) to encrypt files python 2 bindings for pushbullet api v2 with freedom of usage in mind a commenting python server similar to disqus xsendkey is a simple tool for generating keypresses in x i3 compatible window manager for wayland python bindings for libgpuarray an enhanced interactive shell for common lisp (based on the jupyter protocol) operator: the non-typewriter typewriter face php tool to create one-time passwords via hotp, totp, ocra, oauth 1.0a 2.0; rfc4226, 6238, 6287, 5849, 6749 network file transfer application emacs color themes annotate ast trees with source code positions turn-based board strategy game inspired by chess, made by chronic logic libntlm: rewritten of original libntlm pspell module for php build database models in perl 6, easily a lord of the rings-based game for the minetest engine. an engine for running transport tycoon deluxe (latest svn build) adds rackspace networks support to python-novaclient. rss abstraction interface. access native libraries with pure java code. view graph data structures in the ipython notebook fast artificial neural network library a small and simple header only math parser library (with rlwrapped interface) markdown that smells nice a programming language for sound rendering and signal processing. android google apis, api-21 gunrc - gtk universal network remote control a package for working with dynamic models compliant with the fmi standard. system tray application for weather status information autodesk maya 3d modelling software suite real root isolation for univariate polynomials and systems of polynomial equations terminal locking program terminal/console pager module for python wolfenstein: enemy territory 2.60b compatible client/server (etlegacy mod, 32 bit) mark of the ninja, a side-scrolling stealth game (humble bundle version) a gnu tool for automatically creating makefiles remote gui for transmission-daemon a simple applet showing basic network configuration for all available interfaces a small c library to handle database creation on iriver h100/h300 devices. a featureful z80 assembler a multi platform commonmark (markdown) editor lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server ocaml bingind for the fdk-aac library automatic device model compiler for gnucap sneak into a mutant ant hive and stab them. arch linux script that downloads a pacman ranked mirrorlist. none selinux policy generator lpr and cups driver for the brother hl5470dw this extension provides a proxy settings ui very similar to firefox's built-in proxy setting window but right from firefox's toolbar panel. a library for creating window-based terminal programs. tools for running flood under a dedicated user ros - tutorials showing how to call into rviz internals from python scripts. open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. a drop-down terminal for wayland a widely-used open source support ticket system. a 15-band equalizer for pulseaudio programa oficial da receita para envio do irpf a very simple application that changes macbooks' keyboard backlight level. bring together your videos, music, photos, and live television a collection of free arabic and farsi truetype fonts pmg - a vos clone for linux - git version builds phylogenies from dna or protein sequences using a maximum likelihood approach, using multiple proccessors ros - hector_trajectory_server keeps track of tf trajectories extracted from tf data and makes this data accessible via a service and topic. ros - gazebo_ros_control. guacamole proxy daemon the game "the witch's house" also known as "majo no ie". japanese ver. fork of dansguardian, an open source web content filter. it filters the actual content of pages based on many methods including phrase matching, request header and url filtering, etc. it does not purely filter based on a banned list of sites. harebrained schemes' third shadowrun crpg loader for bpg image format for imlib2 firmware for the marvell libertas wlan chipsets (olpc, guruplug) python bindigs for the taglib audio metadata library a simple but powerful audio/video converter for many formats a kde service menu for comparing selected files/folders with kompare memcache module for php56 sdl2 image libraries (mingw-w64) unreal world is a unique low-fantasy roguelike game set in the far north during the late iron-age ros - rqt_nav_view provides a gui for viewing navigation maps and paths. a stale file archive and removal tool an intuitive syntax mass file renamer warspear online is a cross-platform massively multiplayer online roleplaying game (mmorpg) for smart phones. 'catfish --wrapper=open_choose' for open-with dialog when open file in catfish low level virtual machine script to run dedicated x server with discrete nvidia graphics (git version) translate troff source to latex odbc modules for php none library and cmd utility to generate gitbooks a cross-platform automation and configuration tool/framework (latest release) command-line fuzzy finder web-based application helping to implement the 'getting things done' methodology firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - maithili a little hack to display images in the terminal apertium language data for the occitan-spanish translator. compare elements of two or more lists analyzes strace output a little spectrogram/audiogram/sonogram/whatever for jack obd-ii vehicle diagnostic software and (mostly) j1978 compliant scan tool. a low latency, high throughput, native and distributed graph database a cartographic python library with matplotlib support for visualisation libretro implementation of ppsspp (playstation portable/psp) a basic frontend for cen64 scan mdns/dns-sd published services on the local network a free, fast-paced crossplatform first-person shooter (autobuild version) virtual infrastructure manager for virtualbox - client unity settings daemon bulgarian thesaurus wercker cli firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - frisian markdown less is a markdown displayer a unit testing framework for c a pure python generic asyncio sasl library a simple universally unique id generation library. a dark version of bittorrent client powered by c, qt5 and the good libtorrent library (development version) selinux aware base pam configuration for services the mechanize library is used for automating interaction with websites. capture traces for use in bustle ideally bare numeric impression gizmo: a vm designed for extremely compact low-level audiovisual programs/demos dvb firmware from openelec project open source c library mainly for parsing dxf files ros - a bond allows two processes, a and b, to know when the other has terminated, either cleanly or by crashing. python module for text segmentation a humanist sans-serif typeface gopher client madame pinkie pie: ponified fortune cookies ros - rosmsg contains two command-line tools: rosmsg and rossrv. open-source, cross-platform, c game framework/engine for creating 2d/3d mobile and desktop games. maximize compatibility of a win32 pe file a low-level supervga graphics library python sdk for the microsoft face api a set of objects for performing math operations on font data. eeprom editor for opentx rc transmitter firmwares razer device manager for linux extension for firefox which download video a feature-rich screen recorder that supports x11 and opengl. (git version) perl extension for ogg vorbis streams ros - single image rectification and color processing. imagej plugin collection by the embl free, open source, cross-platform tool and editor to create archimate models. open source c implementation of omg data distribution service (dds) user space mount tool for samba the most comprehensive media software ros - this package contains a number of urdf tutorials. set of programs for dealing with numbers from the command line. a sequence classification toolkit for python. scaleft(tm) daemon and shell ros - this package defines messages for commonly used sensors, including cameras and scanning laser rangefinders. a direct connect client for linux (like dc), with segmented downloading u2f host library for interacting with a u2f device over usb. plugin that checks import order against various python style guides. an unladen web framework for building apis and app backends. two playful fonts for all your informal needs, from pablo impallari open source tool for precise mass spectrometric data analysis and interpretation written in python. openglcontext is a learning environment for pyopengl. btrfs snapshotting and backup system offering snapshot measurement, transport and pruning. minimalistic, open-source sat solver. lets you dump nintendo wii and gamecube discs general-purpose programming language designed for multithreaded parallel computing. planefinder.net sharing client a cad program for creating virtual lego models kernel modules for highpoint rocketraid 62x sata/6gbps card. (dkms version) pidgin plugin for gnome-keyring integration client for billing system bgbilling 6.2 readable bitmap font inspired by envy code r tellstick application and library convert mediawiki text to xhtml the c runtime library for the avr family of microcontrollers testing tls/ssl encryption (git version) freeware jump and shoot game based on the turrican game series (development version) common rules for searching for perl things shoot dildos at donald trump's head google play unofficial python api a django module for html5 uploads an obs source service: download files simple xargs and apply replacement a tool to handle local repositories of debian packages rapid spam filtering system compile and install ruby restructuredtext linter python library for scientific computing a free cross-platform pipe connecting game a console based password management application written in python a rudp library for python lisp program for making web pages from tex documents microsoft's c# compiler and compiler libraries educational car crash simulation ldap perl module that wraps the openldap c sdk adminer skins bash wrapper script for automated backups with duplicity supporting s3 template toolkit reimplemented in as little code as possible gnupg pkcs#11 module for using openpgp smartcards with x.509 finds duplicate files in a given set of directories soundcloud client for the desktop motif (transcription factor binding sites) discovery in sequences from coregulated genes of a single species site-specific password generator translate chinese hanzi to pinyin. a plyouth theme based on fedora's charge theme, but featuring the archlinux logo. index and find your stuff hybris allows to use bionic-based hw adaptations in glibc systems a commandline c program, supports (bourne) shell scripting. aims to create a free, cross-platform application for displaying and navigating events on a timeline. the skia 2d graphics library from google exposed to .net languages and runtimes across the board cross-platform tool for removing modified subversion files an open source fork of nylas mail (n1) image loading and manipulation library a small helper script to change the framebuffer mode on an odroid-c1. python charting for 80% of humans. statistical analysis program. free replacement for spss. an implementation of conditional random fields (crfs) for labeling sequential data. a software analogue midi sequencer, modelled on hardware analogue sequencers like doepfer's schaltwerk query alpm and aur progress bar in pacman style datetime parser backend data caching and persistence daemon for graphite like namedtuples, but mutable libraries for use with postgresql (x32 abi) international components for unicode library, version 51 a sanserif typeface in the style of xkcd. grbl cnc command sender, autoleveler and g-code editor tcl/tk interface to run code-aster (prepare and start calculations). a curses url parser for text files extended bash wrapper for pacman and aur see packer --help for extra features an application, which emulates the homematic lan configuration adapter-protocol a python module for easily building good multi-command scripts - git checkout a minimal json (de)serializer that produces easily readable json a modular machine learning library for python mutable instruments' vcv modules japanese opentype font for developers. made by mixing sourcehansans and sourcecodepro ulex is a lexer generator for unicode and ocaml plot the key stages in the evolution of a binary star a system shell that attempts to be more safe and give more power to user. collection of small command line tools that are sometimes helpful in specific instances. unix socket transport plugin for httpie fast and light rss/atom feed reader written on qt/с net::dbus::glib - perl extension for the dbus glib bindings python wrapper of libspatialindex a window switcher, run dialog and dmenu replacement a reboot with keepasshttp of an opensource password safe which helps you to manage your passwords in an easy and secure way the quasar dv codec but with a gtk2 frontend lightweight ruby terminal-emulator state machine python library for solar physics swedish language pack for firefox beta a hindi male voice for the mbrola synthesizer a command-line tool to mount encrypted encfs filesystem while another program runs generate data files for use with open flash chart quotation expander for assertions. a non-linear personal web notebook a powerful opensource interface for container troubleshooting and security investigation unit testing and mocking framework for c/c the gnu debugger an easy-to-use c database library a tiny window manager written in only ~50 lines of code a visual programming language flashtool for the usbprog programming adapter high resolution maps for zygrib this wrapper provides access to the functions, macros, global variables and constants of the ncurses library. these are mapped to a ruby module named "ncurses": functions and external variables are implemented as singleton functions of the module ncurses. twin-panel (commander-style) file manager (qt5) a package that allows to create several groups (clusters) of objects from a list network discovery and os fingerprinting tool tool to convert from .pbf to .osm format small terminal emulator based on libtsm a free game engine for interplays rpg "the lord of the rings" sudo manager bro a library for working with abstract syntax trees security-hardened network time protocol implementation a text presentation program in ncurses, latex, or text. open source icon sets to use as inkscape symbols lightdm qt client library a geometric slab-serif typeface family suited for screen and print. support library for libgcrypt (x32 abi) a multimedia playback engine (mercurial version with all possible libs) tool for creating/extracting kindle updates and more an lv2 atom rdf serialisation library debian source package and patch management with git gnome frontend for mpv allows the keyboard, mouse on one x display to be used to control another x display. the crazy ball tunnel game heretic 2 from raven software, linux version by loki. update pkgbuild with path to cd for the data files. a 2d sandbox/puzzle game where your drawings become objects (humble bundle/store version) plugin for vapoursynth: mvtools (git version) python module to read and write data with fortran format strings. cpan/x11::freedesktop::desktopentry -- interface to .desktop files put files with ftp from a script user space implementation of the fat file sustem using fuse notify about journal log entries - git checkout adminer skins kernel module allowing to control (both) fan inside various asus laptops an open source tracker/hud for use with on-line poker. libmirage-based cd/dvd image file converter a kde service menu for sending files to pastebin like sites probabilistic graphical model software to work with bayesian networks a lightweight timer/stopwatch for running multiple timers at once integer-only, fully ogg vorbis compliant software decoder library tui and cli client for the transmission daemon a solution to manage and supervise virtual machines. (gui) library for picotech oscilloscope 5000a series (5242a/b, 5243a/b, 5244a/b, 5442a/b, 5443a/b, 5444a/b) a joke c compiler that does nothing. xorg x server - bleeding edge version shutdown your device after a specific time. this extension adds a submenu to the status area. xiaohe shuangpin table for fcitx, also known as flypy or xhup. display write and wall messages as desktop notifications. a simple pastebin for light values (max 64kb) using opendht distributed hash table. the official client for elasticsearch icinga command line interface none proboscis is a python test framework that extends python’s built-in unittest module and nose with features from testng. server for the popular card game mau mau - server a plain text to html (and other formats) converter an atmospheric brain teaser with a sense of existential crisis. bayesian phylogenetic inference using probabilistic graphical models and an interpreted language fortune quotes from two and a half men a common lisp serialization package vim the editor. cli version providing small subset of available features. openjdk java 8 sources libraries and tools for working with the espa internal file format a jack patch bay in flow-matrix layout command line utility converts truetype and opentype fonts to the woff format. create a fancy image to use with i3lock. import with safety (eslint) convert mozilla (firefox) bookmarks in json format to and from a filesystem hierarchy. interactive process viewer with blueweb theme patch signalyst hqplayer embedded hqplayer - the high-end upsampling multichannel software hd-audio player simple perl wrapper for gnuplot monitor color adjustment tool scripts and html code needed for using ht://dig as a web search engine netsukuku: an experimental peer-to-peer wireless routing system, written in python celestia addon: spacecraft: earth orbit: spitzer space telescope open source library for spi/i2c control via ftdi chips networkmanager dispatcher script for systemd-timesyncd image super-resolution for anime-style-art. (re-implementation in c using opencv). with cuda support (git version) solarized-dark-materialized grub2 theme a free tracker style midi sequencer for gnu/linux. a simple virtual terminal emulator for x with patched for solarized dark and powerline prison construction and management simulation (humble bundle version) a reimplementation of the python stdlib smtpd.py based on asyncio a stand-alone implementation of the dvmrp multicast routing protocol. broadcom bluetooth firmware for bcm43142a0 based devices. epson printer driver (px-1200, px-1700f) a network monitor for gnome ros - provides zeroconf services on avahi for ros systems. yandex music integration for nuvola player. file synchronization designed with privacy in mind mpd client which submits track info to {libre,last}.fm i3lock-color script: blurs background, adds lock icon and text, offers dark/light background detection. the gnu compiler collection 5.3 - c and c frontends for multilib the lbry app built using electron savage 2: a tortured soul is an fantasy themed online multiplayer team-based fps/rts/rpg hybrid. completely free as of december 2008. dockapp cpu monitor resembling xosview. opterator is an option parsing script for python that takes the boilerplate out of option parsing. gaussian optics simulator c library for folia (format for linguistic annotation) fmsx libretro core (microsoft msx). code formatter for the scala programming language open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. an rtl-sdr receiver for itron ert compatible smart meters operating in the 900mhz ism band. a python library for gpg-based challenge/response 2-factor authentication in web applications vmware vsphere api python bindings voice recordings for freeswitch a multi-authority method for your classes a module::install extension to automatically convert pod to a readme python library for printing trees on the console. language bindings of the radare2 api for valabind and friends sane driver from brother for brscan2 models ros - common service definitions. grako (for grammar compiler) is a tool that takes grammars in a variation of ebnf as input, and outputs memoizing (packrat) peg parsers in python. onscripter fork with custom improvements. pythonic bindings for linux's hidraw ioctls parsing and validation of uris (rfc 3896) and iris (rfc 3987) a gtk based pdf viewer jlatexmath fop plugin transparent server-side session support for flask configurable tool for writing clean and consistent scss. secure file backup, sync and sharing client. this provides the client for spideroakone. method declarations with type constraints and no source filter psgi handler for http::server::simple utility for dealing with unix days the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security with tls 1.3 support simple qt4 frontend for create/edit/test avxsynth scripts. (git version) a simple python wrapper to access itunes store api. plugin for vapoursynth: fieldhint (git version) ros - stdr version of turtlebot simulation. bitcoin classic versions of bitcoind, bitcoin-cli, and bitcoin-tx pascalcoin wallet and daemon program used to create window rules. islamic console tools (ical, idate, ipraytime, ireminder) a relatively sane approach to multiple dispatch in python. infiniminer/minecraft inspired game ros - the robot pose ekf package is used to estimate the 3d pose of a robot, based on (partial) pose measurements coming from different sources. twisted based tornado framework clone a blender game engine demo for the oculus rift and the nintendo balance board the simple bms player ros - storage manager and server for wcf semantic maps. dbvisualizer free - the universal database tool a cinnamon theme linux driver for intel turbo memory controller (robson) pcie card a text editor in memorial to norton editor with block and binary operations tweaks to improve the default gnome experience. a fast, production quality, standards-conformant ftp server. compiled with mysql and pgsql. the gnu bourne again shell (development version) ros - a bond allows two processes, a and b, to know when the other has terminated, either cleanly or by crashing. miscellaneous auto-load vim scripts a cli application for programming logitech(r) harmony(tm) remote controls. tower of guns is a fast-paced, first-person shooter for the twitch gamer, featuring a few randomized elements to keep each playthrough fresh. perl interface for liblo lightweight osc library libappindicator patched to improve user experience under plasma 5 (single click activation via activate dbus method) allows to modify the suspend/shutdown button in the status menu. fortune quotes from black books automatic wrapper and interface generator a flask extension adding a decorator for cors support a pure-python library built as a pdf toolkit scalable kancolle browser and tool free and open source messaging and emailing app that combines common web applications into one. efficient binary-decimal and decimal-binary conversion routines for ieee doubles. database connection caching and organization create swf file. stsci tools merges two pdf files into one pdf file and highlights their visual differences. simple but non-blocking http/https client python 2 library that tries to guess a persons gender based on their name and location. ros - yujins open control system messages, services and actions. the tstoolbox is a python script to manipulate time-series on the command line or by function calls within pandas. a solver for delay differential equations written in python and c. french dictionary for wps office rts gameplay in a way that's never been seen before. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-rt kernel english - hungarian dictionary for dictd from freedict.org a library that allows you to use truetype fonts in your sdl applications (version 2) (mingw-w64) headers defining spice protocols manage your todo items using git as a backend pyngl is a python language module used to visualize scientific visualization and data analysis, with an emphasis on high quality 2d visualizations. a working knowledge of python is assumed. c library for finding and handling crystal symmetries brother dcp-7070dw lpr drivers. standalone web browser from mozilla.org, developer edition - italian manage icinga 2 configuration from icinga web 2 an x11 window manager with a nextstep look and feel represent and manage a libvirt hypervisor connection scala documentation c implementation of message protocols and data parsing to communicate with anki drive vehicles a dav protocol implementation with kjobs a flask extension adding a decorator for cors support a replacement master boot record chicken scheme egg: a binding for libdbus, the ipc mechanism high quality music player w/ gapless support nice mod of the neutral x11 cursor theme an easy interface to the bitcoin protocol and data structures provides universal::does() method for older perls fast and robust web server and application server for ruby, python and node.js (module for mainline nginx) measure, monitor and analyze the memory behavior of python objects an embeddable, lightweight programming language in ansi c lightweight crossplatform application for notes managment with simple interface friendly interactive zshell a teeny python library for creating python dicts from protocol buffers and the reverse. useful as an intermediate step before serialisation (e.g. to json). synology cloud station. this version is for dsm versions that only works with cloudstation 3.0 (dsm 4.2 on a ds209 for example) python wrapper for bio-formats, a standalone java library for reading and writing life sciences image file formats. a platform-independent mysql administrator frontend using python and gtk u-boot for cubietruck an xbox/xbox 360 gamepad driver - as alternative to the xpad-kernel module - with more configurability, runs in userspace and supports a multitude of controllers intel® math kernel library for deep neural networks an unprivileged userspace keylogger for x11 sessions an icon theme based on prior exquisites and modified from various sources a tool for linting and static analysis of lua code. java card development kit nanum series truetype fonts the gnu compiler collection for the lm32-elf target. highly extensible ide (common files) development version varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko a standards compliant and convenient cron service. organize and navigate projects of files (like an ide/buffer explorer) advanced filesystem cron based on fanotify image and video datasets and models for torch deep learning an implementation of tldr in rust digitization of the garamond shown on the egenolff-berner specimen. the wpi first robotics competition c/c library for the vxworks 6.3 gcc toolchain a software for handling customers, articles, quotes and billings. test::expect - automated driving and testing of terminal-based programs a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator a classic arcade shooter inspired by titles like defender, choplifter or sky kid. a multiplatform fully functioning softphone (binary only) developer-friendly asynchrony for django joblib is a set of tools to provide lightweight pipelining in python. python package for interfacing with dialog guile (scheme) bindings for gtk provides a way to deal with database schema changes in sqlalchemy projects glew, the opengl extension wrangler library (mingw-w64) library for picotech oscilloscope 5000 series (5203, 5204) a c library that implements an sql database engine tales from space: mutant blobs attack is a game where a blob eats stuff to grow bigger. a menu-driven bash script to edit flac tags the official mongodb c driver library android sdk platform, api-25 basic utility non-gui functions for xfce iscan plugin for epson gt-s50 and gt-s80 scanner. tie::tk::text - access tk text widgets as arrays task runner and file watcher for golang in the spirit of rake, gulp a tool for software developers, aimed at identifying where system latency occurs. security-hardened network time protocol implementation (git head) a set of opentype fonts designed for user interfaces. truetype version. the kix code is a barcode-like format used by the dutch post to encode zip codes and street numbers in a machine-readable format (royal mail 4 state code) wx::glcanvas - interface to wxwidgets' opengl canvas create animated sprites and pixel art an svn export emulator with support for incremental exports. a latex package for producing split cell. application and library for reading bar codes from various sources (headless version) a language-neutral, platform-neutral extensible mechanism for serializing structured data. python interface to graphviz's dot language, updated version optimizes the command history and adds some command completion to the linphonec cli for linphone a non-offensive, per project todo manager. a fast computer vision algorithms (all implemented in c) operating over numpy arrays rednex gameboy development system ham radio - gtk app - de/en-codes hellschreiber signals. quickly generate throwaway development environments for quick tests, calculations, etc. a scalable, open source telephony platform very lightweight terminal emulator based on vte (fork of tinyterm-svn package) free japanese bitmap font for x11 toolset for sending and receiving encoded audio over ip networks io shell commands over telegram (echo, read, etc) emacs major mode for the clojure language ppd files for sharp postscript printers(mx-283 to mx-503) various gtk widgets for xfce4 (deprecated library) dkms controlled modules for thinkpad's smapi functionality jslint for node.js trained language data for tesseract ocr engine pulseaudio system tray (a replacement for padevchooser) novell messenger client for linux (version 2) this software provides linux users with the ability to communicate with the garmin forerunner 305 via the usb interface. linux kernel modules (dkms) for non-wacom usb graphics tablets. git version. a simple command-line instrument tuner ros - turtlebot_calibration. a theme manager allowing easy configuration of themes, window borders, controls, icons and cursors for xfce. library for working with html/css color formats in python software for visualization/conversion of scientific data in the hdf5 format xstatic-bootstrap-datepicker maya serie black cursor theme a frontend for csound featuring a highlighting editor with autocomplete, interactive widgets and integrated help mitmproxy is an ssl-capable, intercepting http proxy. it provides a console interface that allows traffic flows to be inspected and edited on the fly. framework to process and analyze data from high-throughput sequencing assays fontawesome bindings for latex a modern and light gtk theme firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - turkish driver for usb asix ethernet model ax88179/ax88178a wrapper for shells which logs all echoed keystrokes and terminal output to a file and/or to syslog read-only portal to pass, the standard password manager the pi-hole is an advertising-aware dns/web server. arch alteration for standalone pc. objective-c front-end for gcc for multilib an advanced browser made with the power user in mind. (weekly snapshot) java bindings to the gnome platform (including gtk, glib and glade) 80x86 assembler designed for portability and modularity gnucash documentation package a gimp script to create a simple calendar pacman health monitoring system small x utility to perform elementary actions on windows ros - this package contains the description (mechanical, kinematic, visual, etc.) of the pr2 robot. library to handle rpg maker 2000/2003 and easyrpg projects a nix launcher for paradox titles. kde pim libraries an analysis package for short reads from next-generation sequencing terminal emulator capable of display html and images from command output standalone xbr/hqx pixel art scaling library and standalone executable (includes hqx compatibility script, pixelscale binary and xbr script) cryptsetup patched to nuke all keyslots given a certain passphrase compute cotranscriptional folding trajectories of rnas taskbar with groupping and group manipulation ros - roscpp is a c implementation of ros. implementation checker and policy checker for video and audio files (gui) parallel job forking and management, with expression based control a pythonic interface for google mail posix ipc primitives (semaphores, shared memory and message queues) for python a plymouth theme that looks like the boot screen for alien nostromo computers arch linux version of cinnamon-remove-application (enables the uninstall option in the right click cinnamon application menu) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine simple one time pad implementation with key generating support called onetimebluh due to its features safeaur is auto backup and re-store system for yaourt. read the source of a module like perl does a basic launcher for mupen64plus add support for global workspace shortcuts (mingw-w64) a parallel python test runner built around subunit a pomodoro timer using client <-> server architecture x-plane sdk simple, down-and-dirty recoll plugin for krunner. dispatcher script for chrony doom 3 patch data files; not the full game! complete, modular, portable and easily extensible mitm framework lightweight and extensible jabber/xmpp server written in lua (stable build from 0.10-branch) web search from the terminal. supports over 50 providers including google, github, and stackoverflow. worldeditor (wed) is a cad-like graphic editor that lets you create custom airport layouts. it is designed for x-plane, and works with apt.dat version 850 and higher. an ide for programming in mips assembly language intended for educational-level use x.org ark video driver an offline client for creating photobooks and other photo products and ordering them at cewe.de or partners bash shell-script implementation of supergenpass standalone web browser from mozilla.org, extended support release open robot control software is a tool to create real-time robotics applications using modular, run-time configurable software components (orocos component library) lw.org im's xmpp server development sudoku puzzle generator and solver for kde an ada binding to sdl python bindings for zulip api. a powerful icccm2 compliant multiple virtual desktop window manager for x11 with some patchs gamebox is a collection of minigames written in c using gtk-3.0 transport independent rpc library (sunrpc replacement) (x32 abi) a library for portable low-level access to video, audio and input (version 2, 32 bit, development version) a digital keyboard workstation - search for sfzs/soundfonts, create layered patches on the fly, and more script to initialise a wayland session - similar to startx library for lightweight pdf viewer an xml parser library (mingw-w64) a delicious aur helper. made from cower. simple tool for making python functions accessible from the command line webapp for zarafa molecular visualization program a music composition program graphical slider for controlling jack transport the official gitlab ci runner written in go with a lxc executor qutim is module-based multiprotocol instant messenger, qt. all its functionality and features are implemented through separate plugins. the ultimate tool for network discovery and scanning an ncurses pgn browser, editor, and front end to chess engines that use the xboard protocol. a geographic information system (gis) and remote sensing package intended for advanced geospatial analysis and data visualization. determine mime types of data or files using libmagic python data structures for humans parser for date range conditionals. the most popular nodebuilder for doom vhdl compiler and simulator a rom backup tool and emulator's swiss army knife program. system v release 4.0 curses emulation library, abi 5 picture-in-picture wrapper for mpv and youtube ros - depthimage_to_laserscan. scientific graphics and gui library for python a tiny perl code tokenizer. robotics service bus communication protocol tool for loading openstreetmap data into a postgresql / postgis database peerio client cli bash script to show system/theme info in screenshots downloader for uupgrades - only gets the program the apache tomcat connector devhelp documentation for pygobject libraries firefox french duckduckgo search engine python to java bridge, an effort to allow python programs full access to java class libraries convert datetimes to/from epoch seconds go get inspired bash get tool cli frontend for pacman / aur tool to generate compilation database for clang tooling print cost calculator plugin for cura. de novo transcriptome assembler a program interface for encoding and decoding grib messages ros - standard ros messages including common message types representing primitive data types and other basic message constructs, such as multiarrays. render sqlite query as groff table for convenient in-terminal viewing or printing keepassx cross platform password manager with support for the yubikey challenge-response hardware token. asynchronous python api for building telegram bots eigen configuration files for cmake an app for your console to proyects manager, for example if you write on your console application flaketill says: what do yo do? in the future i'll build an app like jarvis but for moment is a dream tiny shell script to shrink an image pdf disable nouveau driver module an open source mqtt v3.1 broker trace the activities of an external application open architecture human-centered robotics platform tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (de) a full fledged brainfuck compiler incomplete datetime objects ros - low-level build system macros and infrastructure for ros. clar's pacman configuration. this plugin allows users to export their contacts via carddav a 2d game about building and maintaining factories (experimental branch) a gtk graphical user interface for openvpn (server) fontconfig is a library for configuring and customizing font access, patched with infinality patches. software dab decoder for use with a dabstick, airspy or sdrplay for rpi and pc prints out debugging information from usb hid devices. a terminal based manga ripper. curse modpack downloader rtsp server library based on gstreamer (mingw-w64) python module to parse metadata in video files. white rabbit font meta package to satisfy dependencies for jasper's standard plugins. go bindings for gtk2 stratis is a new tool that meets the needs of red hat enterprise linux (rhel) users calling for an easily configured, tightly integrated solution for storage that works within the existing red hat storage management stack. python client library for the browserid protocol ipad usb charging control utility a free driver for blackmagic's intensity shuttle andultrastudio sdi usb3 cards simple chat program for local unix users ibus engine module for mozc intel® architecture code analyzer aur install package. varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko query and manipulate entities directly. compile qt resource files, ui files and translations in setup.py html5 desktop shell from blankon projects stable jpegtran version with the lossless crop and scale feature a python wrapper around the twitter api perl module for file locking with fcntl(2) a client for splashtop. coroutine-based concurrency library for python arabic dictionary for hunspell create a minimal mirror of cpan lightweight, dependency free html/xml generation x11 display manager control protocol library (x32 abi) open a bitbucket/github/gitlab page or website for a repository in your browser. build, deploy, and manage aws lambda functions with ease (with go support!). provide the stuff missing in hash::util a simple plugin that helps to end certain structures automatically. a fuse module for mounting vmfs filesystems workaround for using slimlock in xfce4 via symlink a menu-driven bash script for the management of removable media with udisks. dell openmanage idrac server management (omsa and racadm) symbolic manipulation system developed at nikhef. perl interface to the echo digest algorithm networkmanager vpn plugin for openvpn quicker way to draw an erd! automation tool for network operation tasks popular first person shooter, native linux version, installing data files from steam (requires you having had purchased the steam version). library and tools to access the windows prefetch file (scca) format a japanese proportional font which allows you to view japanese text arts correctly. plugin for vapoursynth: plum (git version) the official android ide (beta branch) the modern vlc mozilla (npapi) plugin - git version the ur-quan masters hd music and voices hashcat-utils are a set of small utilities that are useful in advanced password cracking. binutils for the djgpp cross-compiler concourse is a pipeline-based ci system written in go. a gnome application to convert dvd9 to dvd5 logs process fork(), exec() and exit() activity. python replacement for java.util.properties. open sound control server and client implementations in pure python the spiritual successor to flattr, a flat but complex icon theme for freedesktop environments. poppler qt4 bindings an abstract graphical representation of where your cpu cycles are going. define blocks for your i3bar status line x display manager a ruijie and cernet supplicant gstreamer cairo (software rendering) player backend for gnome twitch flexible irc bot framework this library allows easy processing of keyboard entry from terminal-based programs. it handles all the necessary logic to recognise special keys, utf-8 combining, and so on, with a simple interface. morse code (ham radio) trainer using the koch-method. - python version nylas n1 - an extensible desktop mail app built on the modern web collection of i/o routines for the nifti1 neuroimage data format a simplified layer built on top of itk, intended to facilitate its use in rapid prototyping, education, interpreted languages. ros - these are a very simple version of some of the functions in ecl_converters suitable for firmware development. adwaita theme for firefox (matches the default gnome shell theme) a virtual network service for openstack - open vswitch plugin agent python client library for neutron lua scripting api for qt applications textual user interface frontend for dscm mercurial python interface to the tv maze api a flask extension for creating rest apis gnome notification library, including id patch a tiny c computer algebra library a cli frontend for the fpaste.org pastebin google-powered speech recognition for python systemd service for spideroak-one canvas library with an element model (deprecated) utility for checking if a given webserver supports http/2 catalyst model to post and retrieve blog entries using net::blogger the simple desktop display manager ros - roswtf is a tool for diagnosing issues with a running ros system. a semantic ui theme for devpi a wordlist generator where you can specify a standard character set or a character set you specify and generate all possible combinations and permutations. ros - robot-independent gazebo plugins for sensors, motors and dynamic reconfigurable components. a simple, elegant, minimal gnome-shell theme the linux-surfacepro3-rt kernel and modules basic sfark decompressor . gnome-colors icon theme emacs port of dmitriy zotikov's xoria256 vim theme a bootable efistub kernel image creator (for uefi systems) libnotify plugin for irssi pushetta python client an api for interacting with gazelle based sites a tool for 'doing phonetics by computer' a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator (gtk2 version) suite of gimp plugins for texture synthesis (like heal-selection). git-version pretty-print tabular data in python jedit pkgbuild edit mode application and library for reading bar codes from various sources. 32bit libraries only version update class::dbi data using data::formvalidator or html widget python oo interface to libcdio (cd input and control library) fruit, a dependency injection framework for c. a single player dungeon exploration game sans-serif typeface from google by vernon adams mail filter for spam, viruses, phishing, and other malicious content easily install themes and skins for many popular sites an obs source service: verify files safety checks your installed dependencies for known security vulnerabilities. add-on for firefox and thunderbird. replaces built-in notifications with the os native notifications. it steam controller c library (git version) small latex plugin for pidgin backport of python 3 csv module. oslo context library library to access the windows shell item format fork test solarized colorscheme for mutt. standard *nix for performing backups to tapedrive from ext2 and ext3 filesystems music library organizer (move and rename files according to rhythmbox database) easy-to-use 3d graphics module for python. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a free, open, and libre browser modification of the chromium code base quickcheck-like property based automated testing tool for c syntax checks for puppet manifests, templates, and hiera yaml touch typing tutor - patched to fix bugs #350336, #346248 and #367891, #364011 (disable layout autodetect) tflearn is a modular and transparent deep learning library built on top of tensorflow. ankiweb client for translation cards python3 svn extension. a sound volume mixer console carddav client whitelist remote commands via ssh config smartsim is a digital logic circuit design and simulation package. none an audio processing program with an interactive mode a set of mappings for html, xml, php, asp, eruby, jsp, and more (formerly allml) python less compiler a qt plugin that bridges the qaccessible api’s to the at-spi 2 protocol, giving blind and visually impaired users access to qt applications. transfer zfs filesystems, snapshots, properties, files and directories bwk awk modified for biological data kcm for the fancontrol script and systemd service simple and practical rss reader. plasma 5 theme inspited by archlinux minimalism salut à toi, multi-frontends multi-purposes xmpp client (core) pynetfilter_conntrack is a python binding of libnetfilter_conntrack. the binding is the file pynetfilter_conntrack.py and you have also a clone of conntrack program: conntrack.py. blueprint provider for drush vagrant to build local drupal vms least-squares minimization with constraints for python switchboard bluetooth plug lets you use a monitor on a different computer as if it was connected to the one you are using. this version disables xinerama, fixing two related bugs. ros - hector_gazebo_plugins provides gazebo plugins from team hector. a mp3 command-line editing and streaming tools (metapackage) a crossplatform tool for learning classical score notation. mostly for guitarists but also very good for ear training. ros - provides conversions from pcl data types and ros message types. manage complex tmux sessions easily disk loopback block device with many features like dynamic resize, snapshots, etc. an extensible lyrics fetcher, with daemon support for cmus and mocp. a portable flight simulator community emulator of ti-nspire calculators. hex grid creator an embeddable lua command prompt as well as a stand-alone interpreter with pretty-printing and autocompletion. plugin for vapoursynth: replaceframes (hg version) a status bar for tiling window managers with pretty unicode symbols written in rust an open-source python implementation using jit techniques. an image browser and viewer empire is a simulation of a full-scale war between two emperors, the computer and you. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j4620dw gtk2::webkit gnu scientific library shell based on luajit2 not a question command-line client for digital rebar provision, an api-driven dhcp/pxe/tftp provisioning system. fast mime detection by extension or content in pure ruby (uses freedesktop.org.xml shared-mime-info database). a general purpose c runtime system for parallel and distributed applications of any scale tikz extension for sphinx. hook for ppp to add domain name servers to pdnsd (dns caching proxy) interactive program for the modelling of liquid surfaces shaped by various forces and constraints simple cross-plaform colored terminal text in python 3 scylla is an open source nosql drop-in replacement for apache cassandra with fast throughput and low latency rsa securid-compatible software token for linux/unix systems asciidoc syntax highlight for gtksourceview perl/cpan module net::z3950::zoom: perl extension for invoking the zoom-c api. a python module for grabbing the color palette from an image. a library for providing keyman(c) services to linux - runtime a useful tool to organize your multimedia files importing them from a generic camera jpeg image codec with accelerated baseline decoding and superior encoding protocol buffers library 2 - provides protobuf2 library for protobuf3 installations a late-1990s web browser in pure python a command-line multiple arcade laserdisc emulator. openss7 fast-streams and protocol suites (4.1 kernel modules) ros - rqt_robot_monitor displays diagnostics_agg topics messages that are published by diagnostic_aggregator. percolator and qvality, two post processors for shotgun proteomics data. an advanced playback module for znc mirrormoon ep is a space adventure that begins on a red planet and its unique moon. english -> french dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org the user-friendly screenshot program lightweight clipboard manager gtk3-version you are a lone outsider in a strange, non-euclidean hyperbolic world. optional music. pidgin plugin for using flist's chat. celestia addon: fictional: star wars: vader's tie fighter simpler hex viewing and editing nes sound format player a tool for creation of uml 2 diagrams with a focus on easy use and a small & stable feature set control processor affinity on windows and linux simple python interface for graphviz. switchboard about plug software that can match tandem mass spectra with peptide sequences, in a process known as protein identification. a cavern-flying game for 1-4 players a simple terminal emulator based on the vte library x.org acecad tablet input driver a third-party viewer for second life (c) (secondlife) and opensim (opensimulator) grids. ('vl' stands for virtual life, formerly known as 'cool sl viewer'; built from source) simple event driven network library (c11) program that finds sequence elements conserved in a set of dna sequences a c library for extracting audio from dvd-audio discs. (git version) python2 framework for writing high-performance assembly kernels (git version) qt based unix mame arcade frontend for sdlmame. (svn version) a full-fledged subprocess interface for python 3 that allows you to call any program as if it were a function the amdgpu pro libgl library symlinks ncurses audio tag editor with support of regex client software that supports the dreamsourcelab logic analyzer pota programming language coin-or solver for mixed-integer linear programs(milps) crack and decrypt ble encryption a utility to find which github pull requests have been associated with a file x11 dri extension wire protocol. fast and tiny 64-bit lisp interpreter: oo, dynamic and functional (database, prolog, coroutines). this packages the smbus distribution, containing the device::smbus module! visualization of performance profiling data (qt version) a modern and versatile build system (for the jvm). dockapp to show pictures, films, webcam. ev event loop for net-snmp chicken scheme egg: argument checks & errors ruby binding of tokyo cabinet dbm analysis framework based on root provided by gsi/fair. simple video converter for webm (vp8), ogg theora, mp4 and others, fork of miro video converter a url shortening command line application that supports various sites hosts tool. notary is a project that allows anyone to have trust over arbitrary collections of data. python script to enable macro keys of the razer blackwidow keyboard under gnu/linux firmware for some (legacy) m-audio midi devices a source code beautifier, version 0.60 a mercurial to git converter using git-fast-import. an ai playground (git version) ros - common_msgs contains messages that are widely used by other ros packages. displays a random fortune on interactive shells disk protection for hp/dell machines. a tool to convert a grf file into graphics files and meta data, and vice versa libretro implementation of scummvm. open source port of the classic dos shoot-em-up tyrian python fire is a library for automatically generating command line interfaces (clis) from absolutely any python object. control any music player that follows the mpris specification from the command line albert extension for converting tex math to unicode symbols less styles for pb commandline utility for listing directory contents in columns python byte-code disassembler and source-code converter. crossplatform graphical user interface to generate one-time passwords. displays: cpu temperature, hdd/ssd temperature, video card temperature (nvidia/catalyst), voltage and fan rpm in a gnome shell top bar pop-down. simple command-line snippet manager, written in go. web and api based smtp testing a virtual network service for openstack - linuxbridge plugin a network forensic analysis tool for advanced network traffic analysis, sniffer and packet analyzer html tables for use with the flask micro-framework resolve trivial conflicts automatically when merging branches in git repositories. esp package manager is a unix software and file packaging program perl extension for getting md5 sums for files and urls. popup window manager for emacs helper to smartly find libs to use in the filesystem tree vuosttaš digisánit 1.0, a stardict dictionary for northern sámi to norwegian bokmål lgpl office suite installed from rpms an optimised mpeg audio layer 2 (mp2) encoder program to easily change brightness on backlight-controllers. lua module to manipulate compressed file formats via libarchive cleanup hooks for pacman's package cache simple countdown timer smack userspace library tpm2 access broker & resource manager mod loader for payday 2 (steam runtime, bin version) json datatype for moose silver theme for the lxqt desktop library to access the bitlocker drive encryption (bde) format system cleaners written in cleanerml used by bleachbit. simulation tool for cfd, fem, electromagnetics, heat transfer and others featuring a pde solver. romvault is a tool for managing your roms and dats for emulators, like libretro dynamic battery extension for gnome shell. checks repositories and aur for package updates the x86 processor fuzzer ros - tf is a package that lets the user keep track of multiple coordinate frames over time. an open source host, service and network monitoring program simple lightweight linux cron daemon fixes hardcoded icons a reddit client for gnome (with gtk and python) command line interface for dropbox bioinformatics linkage analysis tool the versatile commodore 8-bit emulator (development release using sdl) graphical frontend (gui) to gdb written in qt. a general purpose dashboard and graph composer. it supports graphite, influxdb or opentsdb - binary version desktop notification library retro-style 2d sidescroller inspired by old-school sonic games (development version) a command-line port of the rar compression utility kalman filtering and optimal estimation library in python. steam controller c library pam module for google authenticator app advanced, scalable high-availability cluster resource manager advanced doom source port (git version) next generation of the python high-level scripting language (native msvc version) (mingw-w64) pure-perl declarative html/xul/rdf/xml templating system miscellaneous system utilities for linux (x32 abi) provides websocket communication compliant with rfc 6455 (mingw-w64) solaris porting layer kernel modules. the gnu swf player based on gameswf - git development version ros - turtlesim is a tool made for teaching ros and ros packages. upload things to the cpan mocking and stubbing library ansi c library that does allow communication with google calendar and contacts - git version distributed-memory dense linear algebra silicon graphics audio file library font that looks like graffiti a web browser built for speed, simplicity, and security reproducing images with geometric primitives ros - diagnostics. emacs org mode from git the rt-middleware provides a common platform for robot technology (rt) a browser that combines a minimal design with sophisticated technology to make the web faster, safer, and easier. a gnu social-compatible microblogging server ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) nemo extension for filename encoding repair c data analysis framework and interpreter from cern. firmware for dvbsky cards/boxes a single player 2d role-playing game inspired by classic console rpgs full emulator of pmd85 (git) a python command line tool fetching getting .gitignore files a library for making a simple wayland compositor a bad-ass, unholy-mother-shut-your-mouth stencil sans-serif. modern, clean and customizable flat icon theme performs some of the most famous mitm attack on target addresses located in a local network. vmware horizon client connect to vmware horizon virtual desktop - usb device redirection firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - fulah a cross-platform nes/famicom emulator epson printer driver (px-673f) a console (ncurses) client for vk.com written in d monaco powerline fonts for x11 and the console a free video transcoding software written in python, for easy conversion of videos into formats playable on smarthones, tablets, mids, portable media players, etc. a system tray icon for controlling radeon cards' power states a fairly strong go/baduk/weiqi playing program. a comprehensive library of analysis tools for fmri, mri and dti brain imaging data bullettrain prompt builder written in go scriptable i/o tool for storage benchmarks and drive testing futurama fortune cookie files ros - the actionlib_tutorials package. the sisiya edbc libraries. utility to manage and switch between kubectl contexts and kubernetes namespaces qt-based directory statistics (kdirstat/k4dirstat without any kde - from the original kdirstat author) python library for parsing the nmea 0183 protocol (gps) multi-thread download tool for pan.baidu.com fltk media player by libvlc lightweight c template library for vector and matrix math, a.k.a. linear algebra. 3.2 branch. toml syntax highlighting for gtksourceview dragondisk, a free-as-in-beer amazon s3 gui client add progress bars with easy pythonic wrapper iterators. py2 and py3 javascript ide and html editor. a library for working with lidar data - runtime library table editor and planner. a 3d curses based spreadsheet for mathy people. a c wrapper for modern opengl an image resizing and caching server. perldoc that works for modules you don't have installed pacman hook to upgrade systemd-boot after systemd upgrade. ros - a 2d navigation stack that takes in information from odometry, sensor streams, and a goal pose and outputs safe velocity commands that are sent to a mobile base. command line x2go client written in python tool written in ruby to convert svn repos to git perl module to expand any shortened url minimalistic mpd client with support for multimedia keys and notifications super optimised tcp port surveyor (in honour of julian assange) kde3 core libraries utility to bless efi bootloaders in apple-intel macs the cloud sql proxy allows a user with the appropriate permissions to connect to a second generation cloud sql database without having to deal with ip whitelisting or ssl certificates manually. the elder scrolls i: arena lightweight, cross-platform integrated development environment ros - rqt_py_common provides common functionality for rqt plugins written in python. yet another yogurt. pacman wrapper and aur helper written in go. libretro implementation of hatari v1.8 (atari st/ste/tt/falcon) tilburg memory based learner server. automatically create a global tags file with ctags and keep it up-to-date as you edit files in vim. implementation of spatial vector algebra with the eigen 3 linear algebra library. prover9 is an automated theorem prover for first-order and equational logic click params for command line interfaces to geojson a breton female voice for the mbrola synthesizer free, open source, and cross-platform media player – with selection of features. bauer stereophonic-to-binaural dsp effect library a full-featured, console-based, cross-platfom blogging client for livejournal, atom (movable type, blogger), and metaweb (wordpress). a python tool to explore pdf files in order to find out if the file can be harmful or not a top-down action-adventure game create a backup for every opened keepass database every time a database with changes is saved extension for gnome shell to combine the dash and main panel json for humans, allows comments and is less error prone. pci bus configuration space access library (32-bit) javascriptcore-4.0 for python (for use with webkit2gtk-4.0) cryptocurrency pegged to ethereum utilities for encoding and decoding binaries files in mime format mail messages an all-in-one tool for extracting/creating 3ds roms. a centralized way to configure and schedule many different backup utilities chan-sccp channel driver for asterisk ros - rqt_logger_level provides a gui plugin for configuring the logger level of ros nodes. kerio administration console to manage kerio firewall (previously named kerio winroute) servers ros - provides robot and sensor descripiton files for stdr simulator. side-view arcade game (inspired by underwurlde and starquake) open files using xdg-open a job-based api for interacting with imap servers a low-level bitcoin library written in standard c ros - a common repository for cmake modules which are not distributed with cmake but are commonly used by ros packages. a zx80/zx81/z88, zx spectrum 16/48/128/2/2a and zx-uno emulator with ulaplus support. warning. this is a snapshot version and not a stable one. some features may not work or suffer random crashes or abnormal cpu use test run refactored code against legacy code a set of open-source python bindings for the open dynamics engine (ode) a general python library for computational chemistry (git version) gemalto pkcs#11 driver tree explorer plugin for navigating the filesystem gregorian calendar date calculations perl/cpan module text::bidi: unicode bidi algorithm using libfribidi sql operations studio is a data management tool that enables you to work with sql server, azure sql db and sql dw from windows, macos and linux. a sega megadrive/genesis emulator redirects 3d commands from an opengl application onto a server-side 3d graphics card milter-greylist is a stand-alone milter written in c that implements the greylist filtering method. a formatter for spellchecking pod keepass plugin to expose password entries securely (256bit aes/cbc) over http emulator with builtin dos for running dos games (includes debugger for dos apps) tool to manage and tune jack settings for optimum performance between networked machines. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-rt-lts kernel losslessly convert images to pdf without unnecessarily increasing file size by re-encoding jpeg files. a multi-user chat program that works exactly like unix's talk. a tool for working with sets of shn and flac audio files highly customizable scrabble game (classic, superscrabble, 3d games) - qt version pseudopotential generator for density functional theory the reference net workshop - imagenetdiff plug-in replace the noepg-patch with the new cepghandler of vdr >= 1.7.26 pure python lexer and parser implementation tiny tiny rss plugin for ldap authentication qt plotting widgets for python (pure python reimplementation of qwt c library) ncurses based gui for systemd a caldav client library a simple tool for checking satisfiability respectively tautology on arbitrary structural formulas. postgresql background worker web interface high quality educational software suite comprising of numerous activities for children aged 2 to 10 - git (qt version) get and set values in your .env file in local and production servers like heroku does build sprintf-like functions of your own ros - interface base class for controllers. x.org joystick input driver clipboard manager that stores all clipboard history and offers an interface to do a full-text search. unified form language. instant file search a toolkit for creating fast, portable, compelling dynamic uis kcm module for configuring telepathy instant messaging accounts scene-oriented, flexible 3d engine written in c wireless download from your nikon/sony/canon camera (for python 3.x) fluxbox style from debian 'zelda: time to triumph' is a fan-made zelda game (english version) gtk module for exporting menus try not to crash that bird demeter is a comprehensive system for processing and analyzing x-ray absorption spectroscopy data. cli for cypress.io desktop app cross-library (gstreamer  core audio  mad  ffmpeg) audio decoding for python don allen's timbres of heaven soundfont utility to manage intel amt-aware devices (fork of gerd hoffmann's amttool) an unfinished 3d worms/scorched 3d clone message bus system nvidia optimus support for linux through virtualgl or primus audio file organizer that reads tags and renames files (development version) kwalify schema for data structures gstreamer multimedia framework base plugins a cross-platform application and ui framework (development tools, qthelp; mingw-w64) small system to administer web accounts for the sites and services across the kde desktop, including: google, facebook, owncloud, imap, jabber and others create beautiful panoramas by stitching multiple photos automatically with autopano pro (trial version). portable open source library to import various well-known 3d model formats in an uniform manner ros - self_test. the x composisting manager fresh from freedesktop.org repositories python modules to parse, manipulate or create documents in lilypond format. lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp7040 vocp is a complete messaging solution for voice modems, with voicemail, fax, email pager, dtmf command shell and text-to-speech support, 3 guis and a web interface. send and receive faxes and voicemail, listen to emails and execute programs on the host. parses epg data from the service at horizon.tv for usage in tvheadend. a thin bullet-ogre connection. wireless scanner with an easy to use graphic interface and using the iwlist tool an alignment tool for protein, dna and rna sequences desktop environment for the arcan display server bitcoin unlimited versions of bitcoind, bitcoin-cli, and bitcoin-tx python library for reading minecraft levels (version matched to mcedit stable release) happy hacking linux without mice. attention!! your sensitve mice knock down your computer. ruby gem parse config which allows you to easily manage config files stylish top panel that holds indicators and spawns an application launcher notes up is a notes manager written for elementary os x11 status bar with beveled borders ros - utilities for gateway users (avoids large dependency requirements). creats new torrent files from complete downloads to prevent rtorrent from hashing ros - rqt_bag provides a gui plugin for displaying and replaying ros bag files. yubico yubikey neo manager c library - git checkout mono runtime - compiler compatibility for .net 3.5 static and space-efficient trie data structure library (mingw-w64) perl interface to libgpgme doodle is a tool to quickly search the documents on a computer. (supports filesystem monitoring.) general purpose library and file format for storing scientific data a linter and static code analysis tool for ruby. a graphical utility for writing raw disk images & hybrid isos to usb keys a digital television (dvb) viewer for gnome. an icon font providing popular linux distro logos. collection of tools to help building jane street packages entry widget with advanced auto-completion capability search and sort mp3 files based on their id3 tags syntax checking hacks for vim based on sardi flat you can use the modularity to combine elements and create a new icon theme. high level abstract threading library (mingw-w64) an object-oriented language for quick and easy programming ros - a temporary pass through to the urdfdom rosdep. perl match::simple cpan module wagic, the homebrew, is a c game engine that allows to play card games against an ai, specificaly magic the gathering. components necessary to integrate browsers into the plasma desktop an all-in-one tool for extracting/creating 3ds roms library to raise asynchronous exceptions in other thread, control the timeout of blocks or callables embed/pack binary file into c/c header a simple script to help create ctags-compatible tag files for the sections within a restructuredtext document sys::gamin - perl interface to gamin (file access monitor implementation) zip archive generator for streaming purposes get criteria for use with i3 config commands znc module for client specific buffers a module for rendering django data sets as html tables. a live ncurses cpu and memory usage graph standard c libraries for red hat 7.3 backwards compatibility compiler. with additions from opensuse 13.1. provides libstdc-libc6.2-2.so.3 voice recordings for freeswitch digital forensics date and time a program to export edje layout programs to video streams perl wrapper for the mixcloud api a small collection of dialog programs that allow gnupg to read passphrases and pin numbers in a secure manner a robust internet radio station streamer linux screen capture using pygtk, inspired by scrot a graphical front end to the diff program an utility like pkg-audit based on arch cve monitoring team data a program that generates images from written instructions called a grammar grub2 script to add grml iso images to the grub2 boot menu a general purpose, recursive, top down software build system ros - a hub acts as a shared key-value store for multiple ros systems (primarily used by gateways). maybe monad in idiomatic ruby libjson is a small c library and small codebase that packs an efficient parser and a configurable printer a portable implementation of the high-performance linpack benchmark for distributed-memory computers get information on the current spotify song iconic font aggregator, collection, and patcher: 34 patched fonts (77k variations). includes popular glyph collections such as font awesome & fonts such as hack the swift programming language debugger (lldb) and repl - development snapshot a scheme implementation and framework targeted the jvm. simple python version management a python implementation of google's encoded polyline algorithm format. javascript bindings for cinnamon nvidia kernel module sources (dkms) - beta version a json parser for the shell. epson printer driver (px-k150) python wrapper for ssdeep fuzzy hashing library a module for profiling compiled extensions lenovo thinkpad dock management daemon ros - provides service calls for getting ros meta-information, like list of topics, services, params, etc. ug grid manager a bash implementation of lights-out puzzle game cordova command line interface tool virtual organization membership service (java-based clients) 64-bit optimized firefox, no data collection, allows unsigned extensions a bridge double dummy solver low level core library. static library. fastcgi process manager for php open source megaman/rockman game engine with editor green icon theme for xfce high performance routing engine written in c14 designed to run on openstreetmap data. aur package build system a kio slave and daemon to stash discontinuous file selections general-purpose python library (used by tahoe-lafs) an implementation of bernstein's redo proposal a qt-based tool for hobby brewer to calculate and manage the beer brewing process. a modern pager for viewing logs, get more than most in less time. written in go supports engraving and v-carving daemon that monitors events in the file system directories detects the minimum version of perl required for your dist a simplified interface to the gnome libxml2 and libxslt libraries for pure open source computer vision library (legacy version & /opt directory version) thue programming language make ffmpeg-compat work with pkg-config another slight atari player - library and players for 8-bit atari music format a simple literate programming tool bring together your videos, music, photos, and live television google spreadsheets python api the gnu debugger for the arm hard float target shell script with some usefull functions a high reliable python web library x11 and linux framebuffer front-end for vdr tool to fix (add, remove) your go imports automatically. a tool to test qt graphics performance the bloomberg api (blpapi) is a c library to comsume bloomberg data. python wrapper for telldus' home automation library. get notified about running daemons that reference outdated shared libraries starsector (formerly “starfarer”) is an in-development open-world single-player space-combat, roleplaying, exploration, and economic game. ros - tf2_geometry_msgs. source code of qt creator ide needed to build plugins amd core math library (acml) for linux built with intel fortran a security-aware dns server program which loops forever. bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - libs and tools for sqlite3 catalog uinput level keyboard mapper for linux ocaml native module for icecast/shoutcast source protocol(s) modern embeddable transactional key-value storage make gvim-only colorschemes work transparently in terminal vim application automation framework that allows you to build applications that have automation built-in ago: human readable timedeltas a set of utility functions for iterators, functions, and dictionaries. jabber server written in erlang themes for the gnome display manager broadcom 802.11abgn hybrid linux networking device driver antipasto is a soft round font and really smart created by cosimo lorenzo pancini. an arista font collection by zetafonts. emacs-mode for the j language a lightweight pocsag decoder for rtl-sdr devices a terminal hex editor the versatile commodore 8-bit emulator, sdl version texas instruments ble stack for cc2640/cc2650/cc1350 a collection of cross-platform free tools to manipulate mp4 files. adjust the brightness level of your display by using the internal/external webcam of your notebook as an ambient light sensor - bazaar sources the general algebraic modeling system (gams) is a high-level modeling system for mathematical optimization. openrc transmission-daemon init script nis server and schema compatibility plugins for directory server perl::critic::more - supplemental policies for perl::critic xmlcutty is a simple tool for carving out elements from large xml files, fast a collection of qt widgets for usage in biomedical imaging applications japanese-english dictionaries edict2 and kanjidic for wish a simple gtk application to demonstrate and test libfprint's capabilities a lexical analysis module for python. shrew soft vpn client for linux ros - the octomap library implements a 3d occupancy grid mapping approach, providing data structures and mapping algorithms in c. an easy to use content management system for simple stable content sites. inkscape extension to generate color palettes a free software library for the computation of three dimensional voronoi cells. a hook to include common kernel modules for early kms (from archiso) a first-person shooter by epic games based on unreal engine 4. deferred for delayer an end-to-end encrypted database protocol server modern graphical system monitor, mate panel applet a text-mode disk space usage program which aims to make df(1) prettier very simple cd/audio player application for fltk joblties for working with 3.3's inspect.signature objects.ib is a set of tools to provide lightweight pipelining in python. ros - rqt_dep provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros dependency graph. sony dualshock 4 userspace driver a c library plus python 3 bindings with a set of audio filters (git version) a collection of utilities and processors for the python imaging libary ros - this package allows you to publish the state of a robot to tf. openbox key editor use external locker as x screen saver trap extension headers netbeans ide - php version a qt-based c web framework moksha forum theme from git sources common c routines used by gtk and other libs. patched to allow a multithreaded process to have a real time scheduling policy. a source code tag system pings several machines and shows the current round-trip and status. a kernel module for lenovo ideapad laptops a strictly rfc 4510 conforming ldap v3 pure python client. a material design-like skin for fcitx. the isc bind nameserver with response rate limiting(rrl) enabled. simple client for ii network written on c the witchcraft compiler collection virtual pascal ide & compiler ruby/gobjectintrospection is a ruby binding of gobjectintrospection. a game in which you build machines from sliding tiles gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugins video conferencing and web conferencing service a friend of sqlmap which will do what you always expected from sqlmap audio only game of horseshoes. ros - a framework for writing drivers that helps with runtime reconfiguration, diagnostics and self-test. a featureful, general-purpose sound server with airplay/airtunes/raop v2 patchset (client library) microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts gajim plugin for omemo multi-end message and object encryption. microsoft azure cli command modules namespace package efficient phylogenomic software by maximum likelihood; multicore version (omp) displays: cpu temperature, hdd/ssd temperature, video card temperature (nvidia/catalyst), voltage and fan rpm in a gnome shell top bar pop-down. binary driver for the scm scl011 (npa / german eid) an implementation of the language server protocol for python atlassian stash reviews in editor linux kernel with the ck2 patchset featuring the brain fuck scheduler v0.464. line breaking (line folding) library respecting unicode a simple curses interface for accessing wikipedia. python implementation of pebblekit js compile fortran code with your favourite c compiler (set cc). an event driven ddp client forth inspired command language library for handling bigwig files qemu glusterfs block module. git version. advanced web-based application for mysql database administration and development network interface statistics, with output similar to vmstat(8) all-in-one voice and text chat for gamers that's free and secure. create cross stitch patterns from images the cloudme sync software for linux, integrates the cloudme service with your computer. it enables syncing of multiple folders, sharing and accessing all followed folders. digital audio workstation qt declarative is provided for qt 4 compatibility (mingw-w64) kolab web administration panel python library to access can bus via socketcan, kvaser's canlib, or can over serial a toolkit of support libraries and ruby core extensions extracted from the rails framework. multiple cursors for emacs bayesian hierarchical models using markov chain monte carlo (mcmc) simulation google chrome & mozilla extension for using smartcards with isign.io pony syntax support for vim. ros - this package contains the description (mechanical, kinematic, visual, etc.) of the pr2 robot. verify efi files on boot apparmor library make the current catalyst feature rich r5rs scheme compiler and interpreter ros - theora_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending an image stream encoded with the theora codec. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-xps13 kernel the command line interface for zeit now a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files (git master developmental version) a library for working with xmp metadata python binding to libpoppler-qt5. ssh command authenticator plugin for vapoursynth: delogo (git version) micro string api for c with patches to make it work with gcc>=5.1 r8101 realtek lan drivers (dkms) content-addressable data synchronization tool plugin that adds session support to cgi::application an image viewing/manipulation program (q32 hdri with all libs and features, git version) homegear home automation software scons-like build system that use python as a front-end language and ninja as a building backend python pe parsing module the fully integrated standalone wiki and acceptance testing framework a data analysis library that is optimized for humans instead of machines native connector for integration with extensions.gnome.org qt download/upload manager python library for communicating with amqp peers and brokers using twisted fortune quotes from full house chronological objects which can handle dates and times. utils for streaming large files (s3, hdfs, gzip, bz2...) complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mg2400 series (mg2400, mg2440s etc.) network server software for bitscope oscilloscopes numpy aware dynamic python compiler using llvm remake of old dos game sherlock which was inspired by albert einstein's puzzle a high-quality data compression program (watcom-cross) kglobalaccel graphical user interfaces for chess one color picker to rule them all! no overhelming menus or settings. an easy tool with the features you need. a python package for fits input/output wrapping cfitsio vim syntax for toml think sass for ssh config files a tower defense / rpg hybrid that focuses on story, customization, and tactics. (requires full copy of game) canon ufr ii /lipslx printer driver build from source for lbp, ir & mf printers trained language data for tesseract ocr engine bash-ide - write and run bash-scripts using menus and hotkeys. a fastcgi library for perl 6 fuzzy finder in rust! the http tty crossplatform c64 music tracker. included in this package are also the tools betaconv ins2snd2 mod2sng sngspli2 the latest version of hardcore 3d space shooter with spaceship upgrade possibilities free for non commercial use h265/hevc video encoder the extensible, customizable, self-documenting real-time display editor (lucid toolkit version) vu addon for kodi dbus library (x32 abi) listings for japanese. official desktop version of telegram messaging app (dev branch) openfaas cli a project aimed at help people launch a command in a graphical way. a public domain greek font (ionic) a wrapper script to build whole-program llvm bitcode files. portable library mainly aimed at video game and multimedia programming (legacy version) provides a straightforward way to get the size of the terminal, or window, on which a script is running the gnome panel (legacy version) client communication library for ring.cx (formerly known as sflphone) network security tool for packet manipulation that allows a large number of options alsa configuration files / scripts for 51nb x62 notebooks mounts a normal directory in case insensitive fashion a 2d car racing action game with shooting and dropping bombs browser for embedded devices developed using the capabilities of qt and qt webengine an optimal interpolation toolbox for octave. this package provides functions to perform a n-dimensional optimal interpolations of arbitrarily distributed data points. a tool to manage ssh tunnel to different hosts via systemd the openca pki software provides a complete solution for managing your pki a simple virtual terminal emulator for x. using the api annotations available from ghc 7.10.2, this library provides a means to round trip any code that can be compiled by ghc, currently excluding lhs files. the metal gtk theme. for gnome 3.18, gnome-shell, gdm, xfce w/xfwm4, xfdashboard, cinnamon, mate gtk2 & gtk3, openbox, plank, firefox, & chromium chicken scheme egg: xlib bindings the infobar-ng plugin for the deadbeef audio player. the gtk3 version. rtl8814au and rtl8813au chipset driver with firmware v4.3.21 ros - this unary stack contains the dynamic_reconfigure package which provides a means to change node parameters at any time without having to restart the node. tools to manipulate firmware for built-in isight found on apple machines rest api, command line tool and openstack integration plugin for lxc. azk is a lightweight open source development environment orchestration tool. instantly & safely run any environment on your local machine. utilities for using babel in django open source cross-platform redis desktop manager based on qt 5 kguiaddons a colour vt102 terminal emulator userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat ryostkl devices ros - cmake lint commands for ros packages. open-source pdf rendering engine. a distributed bug tracker for git. terminal emulator based on vte library with lua scripting fuse-based file system backed by mail.ru cloud storage nvidia driver for arch's official 'linux-lts' package (vulkan developer beta version) a ttf font based off on generation b (used in my little pony: friendship is magic), originally created by purple tinker, redux by mattyhex api wrapper around the 'tar' utility a pure-ruby implementation of the ssh2 client protocol, version 2.9.2 cde - common desktop environment an exciting client for second life (secondlife) and opensim (opensimulator), which combines the look and feel of viewer 1.23 with the latest and greatest of available technology. (alpha version) python implementation for the .net framework a markdown parser built for speed lightfoot font by paul lloyd a sci-fi action platformer that centers around manipulating gravity (humble bundle version) command-line tool to identify the file formats of digital objects. python client for google maps services a hex editor which lets you view/edit hard drives, cdroms, ram, and everything that can be read. script to clean up pacman cache in a more flexible way than pacman -sc[c]. floss rpg maker 2000/2003 and easyrpg games interpreter (development version) google translator command line interface a free, conky clock widget for x which displays date, time and weather information subtitles done right a virtual console looking like a commodore amigaos shell plasma time tracking applet notification daemon for mate (gtk3 version) a simple bash script that uses curl to query the ec2 instance metadata from within a running ec2 instance. ros - a python and c implementation of the lz4 streaming format. adds pretty css styles for the django cms admin interface. mgen japanese outline fonts (m  noto cjk) netcdf operators allow users to manipulate and analyse data stored in netcdf files synchronize user's favorites tracks from soundcloud utility to view books from duden, brockhaus and some others delayeddelivery plugin for zarafa webapp kde window manager some [hopefully] useful extensions to ruby's string class fall from stairs game generator of ansi c tracers which output ctf bacula - a network backup tool (transition package) compiles cql strings into parse trees of node subtypes. a pure-ruby colorizer based on pygments solaris porting layer kernel module support files. a zero-configuration vpn service plugin for vapoursynth: waifu2x-caffe (nvidia users only)(git version) a fork of pantheon greeter. a standalone, large scale, open project for 2d/3d image and point cloud processing a color and b&w emoji svg-in-opentype font with support for zwj, skin tone modifiers and country flags. a command line script to download vimeo videos a plymouth theme originally created by rhblind from store.kde.org, patched with a little adjustment and changed logo to newtux from wikipedia created by lewing@isc.tamu.edu larry ewing and the gimp. braille display driver for linux/unix a supplement to repo-add and repo-remove which simplifies managing local repositories interface to opengl drawing/imaging library diagram drawing application built on web technology 3d modeling & numerical simulation sdk ros - amcl is a probabilistic localization system for a robot moving in 2d. track the number of times subs are called settings application for phonepi project an interactive gtkmm canvas widget for graph-based interfaces transactional package to build mesa-git against libglvnd dokku plugin - postgresql, one-container an open protocol to allow api authentication in a simple and standard method from desktop and web applications. automatically complete the login process to a mywire internet connection checks intelligently if files have changed professional text and hex editing with binary templates technology scheme interpreter and extension language. generates large textures from a small sample fortune cookie collection by miscellaneous linux kernel newbies a music-centric programming environment, originally built for the raspberry pi. provides a dense linear algebra library similar to lapack but for heterogeneous/hybrid architectures, starting with current 'multicoregpu' systems. (with cuda) dcpu-16 emulator lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp-l8400cdn convert 3mf files to stl convert between textual and binary representations of numbers perl module for efficient generation of combinatorial sequences epson printer driver (wp-4010, wp-4011, wp-4015, wp-4020, wp-4022, wp-4023, wp-4025, wp-4090, wp-4091, wp-4092, wp-4095, wp-4511, wp-4515, wp-4520, wp-4521, wp-4525, wp-4530, wp-4531, wp-4532, wp-4533, wp-4535, wp-4540, wp-4545, wp-4590, wp-4592, wp-4595) a simple torrent client for elementary os fortran library for fast updates of qr and cholesky decompositions the complete solution for ruby command-line executables a firefox add-on to improve the feeling of using the new australis theme. pulse-eight's libcec for the pulse-eight usb-cec adapter little webservice which converts office documents to pdf files. languagetool for emacs microsoft azure command-line tools find command module control your monitor by software using the ddc/ci protocol utility that creates a point-in-time snapshot of any linux block device python library to easily handle data structure ros - polled_camera contains a service and c helper classes for implementing a polled camera driver node and requesting images from it. a project scheduling application featuring gantt chart, resource management, calendaring. commandline utilities for working with sets (difference, union, intersection) and shared library (c/c) improved control panel for ice1712 audio cards an electron wrapped desktop client for hackmd a set of utilities for manipulating dsc compliant postscript a lightweight popup calendar that can be styled to match workspace themes a free, web-based media streamer and jukebox. an automatic 3d tetrahedral mesh generator. storj client for storing and auditing data pretty and useful exceptions in python, automatically graphical application for generating different color variations of numix and materia (ex-flat-plat) themes (gtk2, gtk3), gnome-colors and archdroid icon themes. have a hack for hidpi in gtk2. web frontend to mpd the gl vendor-neutral dispatch library a portable sound library (mingw-w64) lightweight bitcoin wallet, fork for dash single-cell analysis in python simple tool that reads the implementation-version attribute of a jar file. graphical user interface toolkit for x. legacy 1.1.xx version. the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm64 eabi (bare-metal) target. automatic virtual desktop extender for x11 an authoritative-only dns server which does geographic balancing, redirection, weighting, and service-state-conscious failover at the dns layer software gpu plugin clipboard manager with searchable and editable history. an enhanced engine to play with descent1 data. openhab2 open source home automation software a minimal fortune-mod clone a complete embeddable web application framework for ada. simple dockable mixer application for linux with alsa drivers. a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtquick) (5.1.x) command-line todo list manager enhanced cmake project manager plugin for qt creator. the linux lts kernel with tomoyo configuration firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - azerbaijani python quantum chemistry reloaded. this is a rewrite of the standard pyquante program to clean up things that have been nagging me. a c class library for working with mime messages ibm iseries access provides a 5250 emulator and others tools for ibm iseries (formerly known as as400). this package provides the version 6, compatible with older servers. kolab groupware solution meta-package a web client that uses external web services to provide additional features and a more complete music experience. file manager for xfce federated matrix identity server daemon standalone web browser from mozilla — nightly build (eo) plugin for vdr forked from the plugin pilotskin to browse epg in channel info elementary project cursor theme bsd multi-precision arithmetic compatibility libraries from gmp a calculator designed to calculate extremely large numbers without overflowing. a portable c compiler a static site generator designed to give you all the features of a cms. lock encrypted root volume on suspend googles carlito font open source jedi knight ii - jedi outcast engine a software library containing fft functions written in opencl (git) trezor communication daemon php56 extension for interfacing with memcached via libmemcached library small, fast and secure netflow collector arabic text tools for python a unique blend of multiplayer first person shooter and tank combat game a web front-end for plexwatch. deck building tool for tabletop simulator a flat theme with transparent elements based on gotham vim scheme ultra fast memcache client written in highly optimized c with python bindings an american english male voice for the mbrola synthesizer build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) an application to split, merge, rotate and mix pdf files pccts is the purdue compiler-compiler tool set replacement for ls written in rust. an opengl car racing game, based on id's famous quake engine compiz option code generator return to castle wolfenstein single player pk3s files (shared use) remotestorage server written in php altgraph is a fork of graphlib: a graph (network) package for constructing graphs run executable without pulseaudio correctly manage your tomtom under linux font package freelancer.com desktop client a waiting spinner for pyqt5 multi-user tmux made easy ros - a ros node that simply forwards odometry information. kdevelop parser generator, a ll(1) parser generator used by kdevelop language plugins. (git version) epson printer driver (xp-302, xp-303, xp-305, xp-306, xp-402, xp-403, xp-405, xp-406) star trader, a simple text-based game of interstellar trading perl devel::strictmode cpan module quickly update local projects and their dependencies with a single command x.org sis video driver tool to manipulate intel® ia-32/x86-64 microcode bundles a solution to manage and supervise virtual machines. (agent) ros - this package contains a c parser for the collada robot description format. support imaps uri an emulator with builtin dos for running dos games a satellite tracking program real-time interface traffic viewer for curses. a gtk2 image viewer, manga reader, and booru browser. a browser for large line-oriented text files, implemented in tcl/tk a client for data and file management over the webdav, amazon s3, microsoft azure and http protocols. airvpn client "eddie" based on openvpn, beta version. a web server scanner which performs comprehensive tests against web servers for multiple items terminal emulator based on the vte3 library batteries included for ocaml restores firmware and filesystem to iphone/ipod touch oslo database library cgi file lister 2d platformer: venture across the world, battle fearsome creatures and solve puzzles to rescue your father. growl for linux ros - provides a library to stdr simulator, to parse yaml and xml description files. fortune cookies: ogura hyakunin isshu poems python bindings for llvm auto-generated from the llvm-c api vala bindings for tensorflow simple monitoring of system events linux gui for cloning & restoring disk partitions to & from compressed image files. perl/cpan module lingua::en::findnumber: locate (written) numbers in english text script-based movie editing with python a python module to make handling command line arguments easy something to trick arch into thinking it has its texlive packages installed. an emacs mode for ledger cli fortune quotes from lost girl a windowmaker dockapp that graphs usage for multiple cpu's as well as memory and swap usage. remote desktop application hires 3d models for gzdoom translator developed for elementary os desktop. client for managaging translations on zanata library to access the expert witness compression format (ewf) a virtual network service for openstack - hyper-v plugin agent ntlm auth plugin for httpie add-on for firefox and thunderbird. replaces built-in notifications with the os native notifications. it a fast and most user friendly forensic imager. a pygtk interface for managing iso/img/bin/mdf/nrg image files xml::treepp module parses an xml document and expands it for a hash tree. generate a list of all installed packages with their (theoretical) disk-usage as estimated by pacman. vim sugar for the unix shell commands that need it the most, by tpope open source solution for remote access to virtual machines emacs major mode for the moonscript programming language tool to read physical joystick devices, create virtual joystick devices and output keyboard presses on a linux system. double-entry accounting system with a command-line reporting interface userspace daemon that lets you control 8 (or more) servos from your raspberrypi simple kanji filter - i18n kanji converter modify your arch iso for a headless (and keyboardless) computer. miscellaneous command line tools for use with the open xcf format used by the gimp lightweight molecular editor built using chemkit cam add-on for heekscad nvidia driver library symlinks for 'nvidia-utils-full-beta-all' kodi dev files none the next evolution of the scope fit family of functions with improved graphics and greater functionality. for use with pgam and gs92 data. designed for ease of use. kick ass affine-invariant ensemble mcmc sampling graphical interface to edit, play, and record midi data ros - this package contains a c parser for the collada robot description format. a gimps, distributed computing project client, dedicated to finding mersenne primes. precompiled binary version. freemind is a premier free mind-mapping software written in java. tool that parses, normalizes, validates and serializes your .travis.yml. firmware for xceive xc3028l tuners (example: ati/amd tv wonder hd 600 usb) the easiest way to automate beta deployments and releases for your ios and android apps simple little desktop clock that displays date and time using nixie tube digits ldap helper for other prosody modules a presenter console with multi-monitor support for pdf files french hunspell dictionary download, manage and change automatically your favorite wallpapers from the internet an educational tool for making and exploring waves simple screencaster for the elementary project a launcher and installer for openjk the opensource engine for star wars jedi knight: jedi academy a libc optimized for small size a suite of dns client programs and libraries for unix systems. just-in-time compiler and drop-in replacement for lua 5.1 zeromq is a software library that lets you quickly design and implement a fast message-based applications. quantify abundances of transcripts from rna-seq data graphical frontend for dar davix aims to make the task of managing files over http-based protocols simple. communications dish theme pack for xde a small cli tool which gives you the ability to change the standard behaviour of gdm-2.20 after end of your current session syslinux config files for justbrowsing livecd breakout game with 3d representation based on opengl. utilities for monitoring your system and its processes gnuserv with gnu emacs compatability layer listens to network traffic and picks out images from tcp streams it observes. (with debian patches) hakurei reimu - fcitx skin simplifies to build parse types based on the parse module a free cross-platform editor for the drakon visual language a python-based hardware description language tools for dumping and mastering playstation 1 ("psx") cd-rom images ros - navfn provides a fast interpolated navigation function that can be used to create plans for a mobile base. a gimp plugin for correcting chromatic aberration (ca) a lightweight conic solver for second-order cone programming. voice recordings for freeswitch an ocaml adaptation of wadler's and leijen's prettier printer. luadoc-compatible documentation generation system fast audio editor and recorder for mp3 with no need to decompress a pure bash session or application launcher. inspired by cdm, tdm and krunner. pc viewer for ntr cfw's streaming feature a wrapper around exiv2 library to manipulate pictures metadata as exif iptc and xmp. kf5 frameworks branch. (git version) google daemon runs in the background and manages user accounts, network, ssh keys, and clock. an lv2 parametric equalizer audio plugin old-school first person shooter with an arcade feel. a minecraft-inspired game for the terminal vdr vnsi pvr client addon for kodi bowtie 2 is an ultrafast and memory-efficient tool for aligning sequencing reads to long reference sequence. use fake objects (mocks, stubs, etc) to test real ones gpu zcash equihash solver email composition, delivery, and receiving framework (part of rails). android image for running in anbox multi-threaded functional programming language a stripped down cmsmake which *only* makes, nothing more. reorganize tables in postgresql databases with minimal locks (fork of pg_reorg) libcuckoo provides a high-performance, compact hash table that allows multiple concurrent reader and writer threads. (mingw-w64) python interface to bitcoin's json-rpc api several scripts to ease the use of evince with synctex just a development environment for vim notify about tracks played by mpd - git checkout a distributed, real-time instant messaging system a simple to do list manager written in qt5 sunrise and sunset calculation d-bus service password strength estimator a high-level 3d graphics toolkit on top of opengl. comprehensive unicode library for ocaml gobject-based multi-platform gui toolkit (mingw-w64) qt download/upload manager kernel modules for highpoint rocketraid 2640x1 sas card. strftime, strptime and other datetime format related helpers for perl 6 u-boot for cubieboard 2 interactive shell and text processing tools c# bindings for webkitgtk quartus ii 13.0 web edition, the last version to support cyclone ii and earlier fpgas. codebase for websocket & rest client software for cex.io tools for the zoom ps-02, ps-04, mrs-8 multitrack recorders the pantheon cli — a standalone utility for performing operations on the pantheon platform https://pantheon.io mopidy extension to listen to internet radio stations and podcasts listed at radio.de, rad.io, radio.fr, and radio.at. sonic pi cli an addictive game of skill where you must land a space-ship on the moon at a perfect speed. visualization software for solar image data py package and boost.python library provide a complete solution for interfacing python and c utility to bruteforce web applications to find their not linked resources simple bash script to suspend the system based on the output of acpi. a cool retro shooting game a game where you use your arrow keys to cast a number of different spells x.org evdev input driver rwmutex for sharing of multicore machines a tool that scans networking configuration on the machine and plots a diagram of the configuration hierarchy hexen port accurately reproducing the original dos exes. system bootup scripts for sysvinit a minimal http/ftp download tool curaengine is a powerful, fast and robust engine for processing 3d models into 3d printing instruction for ultimaker and other gcode based 3d printers. it is part of the larger open source project called cura. a service to bypass firewalls, proxies and content filters and stay anonymous while surfing, playing and downloading a cross-platform material design calculator command-line downloader and uploader for rapidshare, mediafire and other file sharing websites. manage a puppet server aard dictionary is a multiplatform dictionary and offline wikipedia reader compatible with fbreader and coolreader. tomorrow theme for gedit. development version. python library that interfaces with the mediawiki api ros - basic diagnostic_aggregator tests are in the. sql ddl transformations and more a new xnat client that exposes xnat objects/functions as python objects/functions. korean language pack for firefox beta keeps hard links in sync. sl (steam locomotive) runs across your terminal when you type "sl" as you meant to type "ls".; patched long version an open telemetry framework designed to simplify the collection, processing and publishing of system data through a single api. ethereum gui wallet (qt5) python bindings for pulseaudio perl/cpan module swagger2: swagger restful api documentation a mini smtp client - ntlm support ros - package for nodelet tutorial. userspace management for linux/fs/dlm open free fiasco firmware flasher ros - effort_controllers. portable, efficient, safe execution of untrusted x86 code. yaml parser and emitter in c, written around the yaml 1.2 spec concalc is a calculator for the linux console adapta kde wallpapers build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) vim plugin to help editing and working with pkgbuild files a terminal client to access the xrel.to api, written in go. brother dcp-7070dw cups drivers. aims to provide functions to handle, parse and validate standard numbers, e.g. iban, ean, isbn wrapper script for handling multiple archive formats commandline tool for controlling sonos devices ros - rqt_gui_cpp enables gui plugins to use the c client library for ros. fast messaging system built on sockets, c and c bindings. aka 0mq, zmq. asynchronous email client for your terminal a destruction testing tool for ladspa plugins circuit schematic and simulation environment, includes diglog moksha news module built from git sources the zerocoin cryptocurrency dark-grey plasma theme. icons from kde 5 vdg. downloads the weather report for a given station id, decodes it and the provides easy access to all the data found in the report a fortran interface to the gnu scientific library validating, recursive, and caching dns resolver: python2 binding rpm development tools a ncurses bittorrent client written in c, based on the libtorrent libraries for unix. maia icon theme a modern terminal emulator primarily for the xfce desktop environment - git checkout debug sub benchmark memory and network bandwidth natural sorting utility japanese curvy and old style font. javascript and typescript code intelligence through the language server protocol property-based testing plugin for coq python library for encoding unicode to latex and for parsing latex to generate unicode text multi platform circuit layout and schematic drawing tool launch steam big picture from your login screen a webdav server implementation using libsoup (rfc 4918) a color image editing tool which features most standard paint program options. the full resolution coastline dataset for the generic mapping tools. a plasmoid to track steam's specials and deals. personal weight management program written in python and gtk2 church slavic data for m17n database webm gdk pixbuf loader library openbox shutdown manager - disabled error messages hybris 3-d wayland library gambas gui to scanimage a compression/decompression library for open watcom (cross-)compilation low level virtual machine, patched for pypy-stm atop network kernel module, enables network statistics in atop standard benchmarks set for gl o.b.s. vnc server and viewer backward compatibility iptables/ip6tables user-space utility a simple but fully featured lv2 host for jack pidgin plugin to move conversation tabs to left whenever a message arrives python library for music and audio analysis watch repo changes efficient arrays of booleans for python check for outdated, incorrect, and unused dependencies. shiginimase launcher - sponge edition module for textadept that offers text-based interfaces for core functionality a rf signal propagation, loss, and terrain analysis tool for the spectrum between 20 mhz and 20 ghz terminal-based mathematical function plotter display spotify tracks on g15 keyboard screen java psp emulator animeace font ©nate piekos: the perfect font for editing and translation of comics and manga scans. a c program which calculates the anomalous magnetic moment of the muon in the mssm at 1-loop and leading 2-loop order. bubble bobble clone for up to 10 players chicken scheme egg: cross-platform file path manipulation. general-purpose scalable concurrent malloc implementation (mingw-w64) an experimental, fast web png/jpg optimizer with visually lossless or lossy compression (uses wine) google translate to serve as a command-line tool. a full implementation of standard ml (sml) japanese truetype font. made by sourcehansans, sourcecodepro and moutlinefonts a unicode enabled rxvt-clone terminal emulator (urxvt). perl disabled. a fork of homebrew for linux: master branch a personal wiki for vim; dev branch desktop application sdk for creating universal linux applications. scanner and parser generator a lyric show compatible with various media players  experimental viewlyrics source  bug fixes man pages for the gobject 2 library akashi is a simplified font with a futuristic touch. angled cut aways lend the shapes a sharper lgpl qt bindings for python 2 emacs package library common library functionality for holland plugins a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (with noxgrabkeyboard patch) (32-bit) next-generation distributed irc client - monolithic access the special buttons on a thinkpad-laptop using xosd cyclone iv device support for quartus prime lite edition library to extract valid data from within an open street map input file yeahconsole turns a terminal into a gamelike console. if you hit a shortcut it slides down from top of the screen. the interface between root and numpy a new lightweight, modular, and scalable deep learning framework (gpu enabled) application menu editor for gnome lightweight web browser (gtk3) without the zeitgeist dependency a multi service threaded md5 cracker an extensive 3d solid modeling system. toolbox netwox helps to find and solve network problems. service manager that looks after the herd. j is a modern, high-level, general-purpose, high-performance programming language a parsing, static analysis and proof management tool incorporating various provers and different specification languages. register interpreters for various binary formats the command line personal finances manager comprehensive numerology application using pyqt automatic tv episode file renamer a library of c classes that implement smoothing and mapping (sam) in robotics and vision, using factor graphs and bayes networks as the underlying computing paradigm rather than sparse matrices. a greek male voice for the mbrola synthesizer useful examples at the command line monitoring traffic statistics in realtime get the kernel cpu information on linux compiz fusion experimental plugins basic rt components and utilities to control robots using openrtm a fuse filesystem for mirroring a directory to another directory, similar to 'mount --bind', with permission settings. a scalable set of icons handcrafted with <3 by github plugin for kde to display gimp resource files like brushes and patterns as thumbnails. python-tool to communicate with the avm fritzbox. uses the tr-064 protocol. library that generates loops for scanning polyhedra apple cctools port for linux tex and latex utility to add the ~ by czech typesetting conventions perl interface to the gmp library's rational (mpq) functions. responsive web client for mopidy perl extension for generating scalable vector graphics (svg) documents the perl data language, a perl extension designed for scientific and bulk numeric data processing and display open source computer vision library (mingw-w64) ros - rosmsg contains two command-line tools: rosmsg and rossrv. an open source linux client for google drive with support for the new drive rest api and partial sync fraunhofer fdk aac codec library(mingw-w64) a minimal action game by terry cavanagh, with music by chipzel nonconforming, hierarchically nested, multi-element-type, parallel grids pure-python library for interacting with yubikeys an extended pdcurses directly on win32 api (watcom-win32) provides a margin of safety against data loss on cd and dvd media caused by aging or scratches vorbis codec library (mingw-w64) dkms package for the thunderbolt driver header files and scripts for building modules for linux-samus4 kernel run external commands on unix or windows updater for cloudflare dns records a console mode networked logging and contest program for hamradio gtk2 mud client inspired by tintin and sclient. the bgp swiss army knife of networking academic software for managing and sharing research papers (desktop client) simple command for rebuilding a drupal site system registry oslo context library define docker commands in your dockerfile command line tool which provides keyboard-bindable commands for easy window manipulation. a jbig2 image encoder perl6::form - implements the perl 6 'form' built-in openstack image service client libs modular domotica with the raspberry pi symbolic fitting for python - fitting as it should be collection of pbr materials a sgf viewer  an igs client  gmp client internet wireless daemon a free 3d modelling and animation software x2go add-on tool that allows a user to grant other x2go users access to the current session (shadow session support). pre-compiled version of a docker spec for running rserve in a sandbox xdg application menu with full support for fvwm a visual structure from motion system; create 3d models from photos. international components for unicode library use any soapy sdr remotely a constraint solver based on cassowary modular workflow assistant for book digitization p(ortable|ackageable) nacl-based crypto library (static library) an ocaml module for declarative definition of command line interfaces systemd service  script, automatically activate numpad on ttys qso logger and log editor a classic adventure game, played in scummvm. stock market tracker for hackers timetable data for the offline railway and other public transport timetable search engines by chaps: slovak train data, provided by žsr. fish completion support for git-flow (avh edition). elementary icon theme from usu add-on for firefox and thunderbird. replaces built-in notifications with the os native notifications. it shriveled scrotwm: a minimalist fork of scrotwm/spectrwm. gpio interrupt driven shutdown for raspberrypi. c/c library for accessing the musicbrainz cover art archive ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) a modification for quake iii arena implementing that game you may have played as a kid selinux python tools and libraries simple http and rest client for ruby, inspired by the sinatra microframework style of specifying actions perl command-line memcached stat reporter, top-like output gtkdialog is a small utility for fast and easy gui building (svn) imagemagick magickwand api support for php designed to actively probe destinations in the internet in parallel (at a specified packets-per-second rate) so that bulk data can be collected in a timely fashion lua-based audio / visual toolkit for small-scope games and experimentation python implementation of friedman's supersmoother a simple python class that allows you to programmatically control sonos speakers game engine meets a display server meets a multimedia framework used to create microsoft compatible boot records (devel version) bash ide -- write and run bash-scripts using menus and hotkeys. an in-memory, distributed job queue lightweight, yet full of options filemanager, compatible with console commands this is a python library for parsing version strings via semver. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j875dw printer epson printer driver (xp-102, xp-103, xp-202, xp-203, xp-206, xp-205, xp-207, xp-30, xp-33) create a custom menu in a popup window remote control of linux virtual consoles ingenious and fast way to move the mouse pointer on the screen with keystrokes. a python library for managing xml documents on xcap server fast fulltext search on postgresql. redo implementation in bourne shell. vim plugin for up-to-date php syntax a wrist friendly language for the cli smart dockapp to play cd-audio from any cd-rom device you have installed effing package management! build packages for multiple platforms with great ease and sanity. (git version) query and change xkb layout state extension for python-markdown to parse figure elements, optionally with a caption. daemon to run scripts based on changes in files monitored by inotify a window manager designed for speed, usability, and consistency ids ueye camera daemon (usb and ethernet) command line utilities for data analysis simple flexible means of converting the output of php's serialize() into the equivalent perl memory structure, and vice versa. tracks dependencides in windows pe binaries (mingw-w64) openjdk java 8 headless runtime environment (with jetbrains patches) analog clock, with alarm and color, for command line. mato is a material design inspired icon theme for linux. it features simple and modern icons based on the official icons. free open-source software for static and dynamic structural analysis of 2d and 3d frames and trusses. add-on for firefox and thunderbird to enable integration with gnome native notification system. a library for web and internet programming in ocaml free russian sans-serif fonts by astra perl extension for wait3 system call wx::scintilla - scintilla source code editing component for wxwidgets xs implementation of url::encode librenms is an autodiscovering php/mysql-based network monitoring system. some utils and helper scripts for archlinux packages a dystopian document thriller (gog.com version) c interface to blas (mingw-w64) spinner in command line psiral is a turn based strategy board game with wizards. ini configuration file reader and manipulator package for ada. cairo clock to display the time around the world the computer shogi program a frontend for doom engines generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - kernel module plotting library for ipython/jupyter notebooks program pro fakturaci (for czech invocing) a cross-platform application and ui framework (5.1.x) d-bus service to check the availability of dual-gpu a simple type class for success/failure computations. a python interface to sendfile(2) x daemon that performs an action every time the bell is rung simply a document viewer. gtk2 version. a perl binding for the capstone-engine library networkmanager client library (legacy) recursive-descent parser generators for c a flow-based data presentation framework for terminals secure and automated processing of bank statements and transactions for accounts held at czech fio bank a level editor for jazz jackrabbit 2. brother dcp-l2540dw lpr drivers. a module that simplifies sending email. converts a cdrdao .toc file to a .cue as known from tools like eac trained language data for tesseract ocr engine wisely add "end" in ruby, endfunction/endif/more in vim script, etc try not to crash that bird graphite-web, without the interface. just the rendering http api. none generates a file list suitable for making backups. processing tool included. lightweight and extensible jabber/xmpp server written in lua (development build from trunk-branch) create a png image containing a set of glyphs from a true type font. plugin for vapoursynth: reduceflicker (git version) mpris2 support for mpd using python 3 a dbus wrapper for xscreensaver validating, recursive, and caching dns resolver: python binding beta version of a multiplatform cat tool application, written in java universal python2 binding for the lmdb lightning database a simple, lightweight c library for writing xmpp clients utilities for having boot files on a shared encrypted device open source coding font tries to fix minecraft worlds (or region files). an awesome tool for web developers. ankiweb.net console client. manage anki flashcards without a friction. additional full text search functions for postgresql a python 2 module to detect the operating system. a spir interpreter and virtual opencl device simulator. library for nintendo 3ds homebrew development use the emacsclient as the of child processes a soft-decision reed solomon decoder for the jt65 mode driver and gui for lms7002m-based sdr platforms (limesdr, novena rf7, etc.) your companion to your rubik's cube, a highly configurable editor for cube scripts openstack command-line client simplifies the use of temporary e-mail addresses in order to protect your real address from spam this is a python port of a ruby port of arc90’s readability project lightweight litecoin client network caller id tools. cli version of master password. (git-version) an advanced irc client based on ircii client. a c implementation of phil zimmermann's zrtp specification a (barely working) native wire client for unix sophisticated text editor for code, html and prose, development build with fcitx input method support yamado is a minimal note & journal system with extensions for functioning as a homepage & blog. system v release 4.0 curses emulation library (mingw-w64) benchmarking tool for opengl games (frame info, logs, steam support) ros - this package provides a set of simple math utilities to work with angles. bluetooth management for theshell using bluez command line utility to show dependency tree of python packages a code search tool server automation framework and application header files and scripts for building modules for linux-mainline kernel the fslpy package is a collection of utilities and data abstractions used by fsleyes. a software that would act like a multitude of real physical devices from snmp manager's point of view smarty is a php template engine a graphical directory tree analyzer convert xbase databases - particularly foxpro tables with memo files - into a format that postgresql can directly import restful api to read data from ds18b20 temperature sensors. a plugin for pidgin/finch/libpurple that will ignore server-sent groups (eg on facebook xmpp). vi improved, a highly configurable, improved version of the vi text editor (x11 support, no gui) a new kind of profiler that measures optimization potential spreed.memail integration for nextcloud allows using otp authentication generated by a vault server weather-api provides an object-oriented interface to the yahoo! weather xml rss feed service. the missing tool for parsing structured text, like logs arib std-b25 library for linux. a configurable on-screen virtual keyboard header files and scripts for building modules for linux-xps-9560 kernel a mailing list management system a dockable windowmaker app (docklet) alarm clock for which can be run in alarm, countdown timer, or chronograph mode. calculates positions, rise and set times of celestial bodies testing build of gtk 3.x theme made to emulate a windows 10 environment on linux machines. multiplatform, multithreaded dvd to mpeg-4/h264/theora converter (gui version) use shorter versions of class names. lmdb for torch recall what you did on the last working day a lightweight vlc based transcoding dlna server an rss/rdf/atom reader and aggregator python library to parse hddtemp data glr parser mp3 decoding for gstreamer-0.10, using the mpg123 library. an audio library based on libsndfile, cffi and numpy tweak tool for mate (fork of mintdesktop) desktop-independent graphical login manager for x11 patched to provide a default session. a vim plugin which shows a git diff in the 'gutter' explore a vast network of ancient tunnels, discover secrets, and find a way to survive in the perilous dungeons of mount grimrock. standalone web browser from mozilla — nightly build (fr) qml benchmarking tool provides an interface for creating active bindings. web-based vcs version control repository browsing, formerly viewcvs comic neue aspires to be the casual script choice for everyone including the typographically savvy. build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) emv cap implementation in python ntfs filesystem driver and utilities - with patch from https://wimlib.net/forums/viewtopic.php?f=1&t=4&p=693#p596 applied a pure ruby implementation of the scp client protocol daemon for xflux that allows for any arguments to be passed in simple administrator pacman hooks cap'n proto for java export virtual console sessions to any vnc client plasma 5 widget that gives access to user places allow connection through usb (via 'legacy' module 'g_ether') - dhcp setup camel case json support for django rest framework. library for sending desktop notifications (32bit) simple, customizable and portable online hand recognition system based on support vector machines, python bindings automatically learns decision trees simple but very convenient wrapper around git and latexdiff a powerful, accurate, and easy-to-use python library for doing colorspace conversions the world largest xbmc addon repository containing more than 1.300 addons ascii art stereogram generator ste ladspa plugins package. includes stereo panner and width adjuster. nvidia kernel module sources (dkms), 96xx branch validate your cpan meta.yml files. an environment and programming language for real time audio synthesis and algorithmic composition. wired and wireless network manager for linux. include patches that fix wicd-curses bugs. a python client for etcd set of algorithms and procedures used in fundamental astronomy a simple calculator, that calculates proteins, fats, carbohydrates, food energy and glycemic index rapid prototyping of 2d visualizations for python. create ramdom file with lipsum for hugo azure vhd utilities for go. an interactive http command-line client the large time/frequency analysis toolbox (ltfat) is a matlab/octave toolbox for working with time-frequency analysis, wavelets and signal processing. it is intended both as an educational and a computational tool. the toolbox provides a large numbe [...] list the x window tree contents client library for krpc, a remote procedure call server for kerbal space program canon ij printer driver for mg-2400 provides spatch program used to apply semantic patches net_socket is a class interface to tcp sockets. it provides blocking and non-blocking operation, with different reading and writing modes haml syntax highlighting for gtksourceview build appcontainer images return to castle wolfenstein single player italian language file malayalam language pack for firefox beta bitscope dso software for oscilloscopes android x86 atom system image, latest api view-os in user space - lwipv6 gateway module postgresql migrations made easy mipsel-linux gnu (cross) c compiler to be used as a bootstrap when building a cross-compilation toolchain a flat design theme for gnome, mate, openbox, unity, xfce, budgie visually display indent levels in vim python 3 port of autokey, a desktop automation utility for linux and x11 with new features. alternative user interface for slic3r prusa edition lua (5.1) bindings for im toolkit iran supreme council of information and communication technology (scict) standard persian fonts. ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) print driver for epson alcx11(nf) colour laser printer bring http://choosealicense.com to your terminal king arthur's gold classic is a game about building castles and destroying your enemies (inspired by soldat and minecraft) cloud-based vpn client a dependency injection library for c dungeon keeper and dwarf fortress inspired dungeon simulator built on top of roguelike mechanics. use iptables nfqueue to mark packets by country, using a maxmind geoip2 database a two-dimensional quality mesh generator and delaunay triangulator. moksha trash module built from git sources embedded php sapi library chromium spin-off to enhance privacy by disabling data transmission to google a gui based lossless image compressor. first-person 3d game, not much different to doom and quake. reach the extraction pumps before the water level increases swamping everything. openstack glance backend store-drivers library columnar and compressed data containers. iron spring pl/i compiler - statically linked 386-binary ros - compressed_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending images encoded as jpeg or png. chromium os gestures library gnu grand unified bootloader (2) [without welcome and kernel messages] ros - the class_loader package is a ros-independent package for loading plugins during runtime and the foundation of the higher level ros pluginlib library. cli utility for working with files and folders stored on google drive/photos sdk including firmware and drivers for qhy astronomy camaras. an extension to lookup words through sdcv (stardict console version) in emacs. finds outdated running applications in your system keepass 2.x plugin which lets you unlock databases quickly audio converter and cd ripper with support for various popular formats and encoders. moksha snow module built from git sources a pure module which aims to provide a complete interface to the gnu scientific library a visualization program for exploring high-dimensional data the berkeley db embedded database system 4.8 chicken scheme egg: hygienic match replacement a minimalist gmail checker written in c based on curl binary driver for the scm smart card readers blank slate base class. web front-end for kvm virtual machines globus connect personal turns your laptop or other personal computer into a globus endpoint with a just a few clicks. a set of symbols and convience functions that all indicators would like to use (gtk 3 library) distrho port of eq plugin (vst). digital adaptation of an analog eq with fixed half-octave bands and additional high frequency boost a tool and guile library, for generating function wrappers for inter-language calls vhdl simulator - mcode backend advanced doom source port with opengl support (legacy version) node server that acts as a local npm registry. a header-file-only, json parser serializer in c william whitaker's latin-english-latin intelligent dictionary and latin text analyser. cross-platform gist snippets management desktop application that allows you and your team share code snippets fast and easily. based on github gist infrastructure which means you can use all your existing snippets by connecting your github account. your own url shortener wrapper for openssh to store public keys inside the openldap entry. an extension of the flexible collision library math::bigint - arbitrary size integer/float math package no-brainer smtp client suitable to run in chroot jails, embeded systems, laptops, and workstations a virtual network service for openstack - lbaas agent upload your files to your mega account from thunar. a launcher and xdg-open replacement for control freaks, utilizing dmenu. opens file and url objects with applications associated by name and/or mimetype. applications and associations may be customized using an sqlite database. ros - a bond allows two processes, a and b, to know when the other has terminated, either cleanly or by crashing. a beautiful, useful and fast prompt for your shell ukagaka baseware ninix-aya python version portable opencl is an open-source implementation of opencl which can be easily adapted for new targets an open source code editor for the web, written in javascript, html and css. stable git tags. a 512-bit, collision-resistant, one-way hash function highly extensible ide ivy ui for projectile a command-line multifunction timer tool fast messaging system built on sockets. fork of zeromq, aka crossroads io. the catalyst developer's manual a validating xml parser written in a portable subset of c ubuntu engine for notification-daemon (from ubuntu patches) an experimental open-source nintendo 3ds emulator/debugger opkg is a lightweight package management system based upon ipkg meet rosangela blackwell, an embittered writer who just found out that she is a medium and that it’s her mission. epson printer driver (ep-802a, ep-902a) links with information on the changes, fare, point of sale, etc. for public transport within the odis (ostrava region) public transport area, to be used with the timetable search engines by chaps. party parrot (http://cultofthepartyparrot.com) for your terminal ros - rqt_logger_level provides a gui plugin for configuring the logger level of ros nodes. larceny is a simple and efficient implementation of the scheme programming language. meta package for sndtools, jack version gyoku translates ruby hashes to xml a static typechecker for javascript a kernel module for realtek 8168 network cards a plugin for rofi that is a file browser google android sdk xml parser library for jabber applications in ansi c a python library for building flexible command line interfaces nvidia's gpu programming toolkit - frozen at version 7.0 a collection of bindings to use the gtk 2.x with pure a visual application launcher for gnome. a high-level, multiplatform c network packet sniffing and crafting library portable limit emulation a basic web administration interface for prosody. interlingue hunspell dictionary pdf rendering library based on xpdf 3.0 (minimal non-x version) a c library that implements an sql database engine (mingw-w64) lpr and cups driver for brother td-4000 label printer a free 2d zelda fangame. bloom is a release automation tool. vat validation for python jpass password manager pacman update notifier a free, open-source program to generate digital cinema packages (dcps) from videos or images yet another aria2 web frontend in pure html/css/javascirpt. pkgbuild source code at https://github.com/gutenye/aurs/tree/master/yaaw-git native python implementation of dbus for twisted a drop-down terminal emulator based on kde konsole technology. (git version with wrong split focus patch) a budgie applet for the haste service. useful command-line calculator (32/64 bit numbers) your army is a blob of liquid and you have to try and eat your opponents. complete rewrite of liquidwar 5.x humanist sans-serif font used for the libreoffice logo interact with rabbitmq over amqp using librabbitmq ros - mesh conversion utility used to generate .iv files from .stl files. enhanced virtual terminal emulator widget for use with gtk3 (patched with support for fullwidth emoji, support for terminix triggers and zsh notification support) memcached cache backend for django using pylibmc multi boot compliant game for i386 and compatible x86_64 parallel and distributed programming for python 2 nanogui is a minimalistic cross-platform widget library for opengl 3.x or higher. a little bejeweled-like game php extension to provide oauth consumer and provider bindings. nvidia driver library symlinks for 'lib32-nvidia-utils-full-beta-all' open source tools for psp2 a c terminal dialog toolkit. a build system for ximera documents persistent cache for requests library(git version) profile management for npm a university of california at davis thesis/dissertation latex class python bindings for yaml, using fast libyaml library (for pypy) nuovext2 icon theme yumi (your universal multiboot integrator), is the successor to our multibootisos. it can be used to create a multiboot usb flash drive containing multiple operating systems, antivirus utilities, disc cloning, diagnostic tools, and more. padre::plugin::wxwidgets - wxwidgets support for padre easyrpg tools for rpg maker 2000/2003 files (development version) convert plain text files to html a library that helps you create bindings between c and lua51 semantic version bumper for erlang/otp apps x keyboard configuration files with a patch for a layout emulating a happy hacking keyboard the symfony installer an irc client for gnome a lightweight news syndication aggregator for your terminal shell multicast dns-sd / zeroconf suite git master a latex package for drawing uml diagrams using pgf/tikz web-based news feed (rss/atom) aggregator (git version) an hdf5 based raster file format and its gdal plugin a set of extra lv2 plugins from the guitarix project. converts sphinx-formatted pure documentation files to markdown and other formats using pandoc a python script to convert flac files to ogg format sixel variant of idump with a w3mimgdisplay-compatible program openss7 fast-streams and protocol suites (4.4 kernel modules) a small latex package to use the xindy insdexing system theme mimics os x 10.12 macos sierra, formaly osx-el-capitan-theme, for gtk3 and some des (gnome shell, xfce, cinnamon) download music manager from vkontakte.ru apertium language data for the macedonian-english translator. a small python tool for shell access to gnome keyring. it provides simple querying for and creating of keyring items. easy interface to io::pty an alternative nbd (network block device) server implementation - git checkout encryption utility by julia identity a complete solution for creation and editing pdf files an open source paas that runs in your own aws account. a python wrapper around the soundcloud api program to help editing gettext po files tool to administrate multiple servers at once rosdep package manager abstrction tool for ros ros - octovis is visualization tool for the octomap library based on qt and libqglviewer. none in your face city trains - survive as long as you can an optimized blas library based on gotoblas2 1.13 bsd (providing blas, lapack and cblas) a conversion of a doom clone for amiga kaa metadata package perl6::perldoc - use perl 6 documentation in a perl 5 program key font for ti83 c/g telnet client that lets you connect to c64 telnet bbs low level usb flashing/ downloader utility for huawei e3372 and other modems baesd on balong v7. includes temporary usb loader "firmware" for some devices. capable and ergonomic go ide glusterfs api fuse client network address discovering tool that was developed mainly for those wireless networks without dhcp servers, though it also works on wired networks. it sends arp requests and sniffs for replies fulah language pack for firefox beta a complete pbx solution. includes the cisco presence patch for use with cisco ip phones on-hold music for freeswitch toolchain for arch arm builds via distcc on x86_64 slaves simple tool to verticalize text delimited files. xml parser library (for nintendo gamecube/wii/wii u homebrew development) the linux-lts-apparmor3 kernel and modules respawn a process unless the user really wants to quit the gnome client for ring.cx (formerly known as sflphone) nagios monitoring plugin for checking for available pacman package updates a latex completer for youcompleteme an icon pack designed to integrate with most desktop environments gpshell globalplatform command shell take better dev notes disassembler for mera 400 oracle java 10 runtime environment snapshot command-line utility to quantize pngs down to 8-bit paletted pngs guile scheme bindings for the cairo graphics library emacs mode that replaces python-mode using the ipython shell c# bindings to the cross platform gtk gui toolkit (git-master) volume control for your system tray (compiled for gtk2) preload library for disabling file's content synchronization a program that outputs reminders for upcoming events (e.g. birthdays) a factory object for dispensing visitor objects remote desktop protocol (.rdp) file signing astroml addons package contains addon code for the astroml package. astroml is a python module for machine learning and data mining built on numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, and matplotlib. a gui browser and editor for pytables/hdf5 files utilities to improve integration and workflow with jack and lash. python natural language processing library python client for apple push notification service (apns) real-time signal convolver especially suited for creating reverb effects a tool used to extract various report types and then analyze those extracted reports with plugins. simple wrapper around cryptsetup for encrypted containers ssh using a key stored in kryptonite simple to use python jsonrpc-library web-flow and rendering framework putting the vc in mvc (part of rails). xmpp client written in c with qt and swiften skinny libtool implementation, written in c common base library for lxqt components. library for communication with dive computers perl extension for vypress chat protocol a graphical and console tool for exploring the size of directories opencomputers emulator in lua a python usbtmc driver for controlling instruments over usb. odbc is an open specification for providing application developers with a predictable api with which to access data sources mirror /boot directory on kernel upgrades archlinux mkinitcpio hook to install and enable the dropbear daemon in early userspace exponent mobile app development environment a build system for ocaml applications color scheme generator and config manager dmenu frontend to mpd ros - helper functions for displaying and debugging moveit! data in rviz via published markers. rotates system logs automatically with selinux support screen loop to try to unstick stuck dots interactive shell for golang fast azimuthal integration in python. ros - rqt_console provides a gui plugin for displaying and filtering ros messages. a flat and light theme with a modern look (gnome, openbox, unity, xfce) user-defined functions for interacting with os from mysql the simplest aur helper a python-module to provide an api to keepass 1.x files commonly used by keepassx. milena is a polish speech synthesizer for linux (data) a virtual network service for openstack - python library a free and open-source connection manager. git version wrapper for unrar library, ctypes-based ros - diagnostic_common_diagnostics. prometheus upnp exporter for fritz!box routers a pass extension to avoid printing the password to the console . python library for creating and manipulating html documents a remote interface to the transmission bittorrent client library parsing 010 templates into an ast. c library allowing nm apps and mib and pib authoring tools to access smi mib info. bitcoin high performance blockchain database open source implementation of ipsec for the linux operating system tool for creating packages from truetype and opentype fonts spanish -> english dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org colorizes output for cat. uploader photos for photo station on nas synology browser aiming to recreate the best aspects of the classic opera (12.x) ui using qt5 - weekly. open-source speech recognition program for replacing mouse and keyboard a simple parallel processing fork manager opinionated deployment pipeline tool python library for accessing the razer daemon from python. (git version) ros - this package provides ros specific hooks for stage. a set of broken cas' certificates which should not be trusted (cnnic only) dds file viewer (directdraw surface) collect, monitor, and analyze critical server load metrics including cpu, memory, network, process, disk utilization and capacity an easy-to-use, pythonic and complete imap client library with no dependencies outside the python standard library brother hl-l2340d cups driver mirror git repositories bone terminal keyboard layout varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko extension of powerpill with aur and abs support. cross-platform wrapper for the need for speed™ ii se game with 3d acceleration and tcp protocol! movie subtitles converter jrebel is a jvm-plugin that makes it possible for java developers to instantly see any code change made to an app without redeploying. talk to madjack server using object oriented perl. 2d "tabletop" multiplayer shooter game offical proxmark3 drivers the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm64 target the new generation of sid emulation parallel browser project: web browser written in rust a simple pulseaudio volume control script with commandline access and notifications using libnotify. bash script to handle pass storages in a convenient way an application that tunnels tcp connections using icmp echo request and reply packets. configuration utility for lsi mpt adapters (fc, scsi, and sas/sata) an attribute grammar compiling system based on yacc, lex, and cox openfabrics alliance rdma (remote direct memory access) infiniband verbs library enables development of / experimentation with a variety of protocols in networks ros - the robot pose ekf package is used to estimate the 3d pose of a robot, based on (partial) pose measurements coming from different sources. simple, high precision and powerful calculator. python ide built with wxwidgets container for javatm advanced imaging image i/o tools projects. nagios status monitor for the desktop brother hl-2040 cups driver fftw quad-precision (float128) version, a library for computing the discrete fourier transform (dft) fb2 ebooks editor breeze icon themes for kde plasma. (git version) a uri implementation using perl 6 grammars to implement rfc 3986 bnf ultraedit is a powerful text editor. a file browser for vim a terminal emulator used for telnet-based bbs, with telnet and ssh support python api for interacting with the vsphere web services sdk wad selector for gzdoom prints any given bitcoin value in an array of currencies and denominations -- and vice versa. standard jane street ppx rewriters an application that turns mouse movements into modern art securetty support for cerberus a library with concurrency related algorithms and data structures in c. tripcode bruteforcer for futaba-style imageboards create empty infi namespace for packages by infinidat a set of simple utilities for working with chromecast usb boot image files a jekyll plugin to generate an atom (rss-like) feed of your jekyll posts universal automation and deployment tool written in javascript. a seven day roguelike written by jeff lait. alps core libraries for numerical simulations of condensed matter systems. a design and authoring tool for digital artists interested in 2d animation. ros - common service definitions. a lula chamberlain retrospective - kentucky route zero dxr3 and hollywood driver (testing) mkinitcpio hook to open swap at boot time a set of common-lisp help functions a program suitable for all trades or crafts ros - a python and c implementation of the lz4 streaming format. xstatic-jasmine a portable, high level programming interface to various calling conventions (abi version 5) verifies code hasn't left circular references nfs-ganesha supports both the nfs and 9p protocols. interpolate text files with variables through a fifo via user prompts. i3-nagbar that appears when battery discharging threshold achieved general purpose cryptographic library based on the code from gnupg (x32 abi) monitoring plugin for nagios, icinga etc. for kdcs syntax highlighting for r source code a serif based on the work of a famous czech-american type designer of yesteryear. pam module providing single sign-on behavior for ssh. simple http(s) file sharing tool. think 'python -m http.server' but better. probabilistic programming in python. uses theano as a backend, supports nuts and advi. holland backup provider for postgresql lightweight linux console locking tool curses-based user interface library. robotics service bus python implementation a high performance minecraft map renderer a task bar and application launcher in shape of a circular pie menu. utilities to detect and repair counterfeit flash storage, i.e. thumb drives and memory cards with less flash than advertised gtk 3.x theme made to emulate a windows 10 environment on linux machines. ros - kdl binding for tf2. vendor and platform neutral sdr support library language model tools for cmu sphinx (svn version) like namedtuples, but mutable wxwidgets gtk3 toolkit (gnome/gstreamer free!) shared code which can be used by other rox applications. this is rox clib ide for java, html5, php, groovy, c and c fuzzy matching utilities for gnu emacs english language ressource file for railway/ public transport timetable search engines by chaps. toshiba e-studio255c driver msgviewer is email-viewer utility for .msg e-mail messages, implemented in pure java. historical copy of the libraries module of kde 1, adapted to compile on modern systems (circa. 2016) high performance nosql database ros - this package provides an implementation of the dynamic window approach to local robot navigation on a plane. mate menu editing tool (gtk3 version) apache tika - a content analysis toolkit next-next-gen video compression technology from xiph.org, mozilla and others community made linux drivers for logitech mice (currently only g300s) highly concurrent networking library open robot control software is a tool to create real-time robotics applications using modular, run-time configurable software components (typelib) tomes of solitude, a game asynchronous networking, threading, and notification framework for lua 5.3 ros - this package defines messages for defining robot trajectories. cross-platform system c library with some helpful routines a figure block game written in python where you have to connect blocks python 2 and 3 compatibility utilities (build for pypy) macintosh-like virtual window manager, it attempts to emulate the pre-mac os x macintosh look and feel in its layout and window design. define true and false constants. adds file type glyphs/icons to many popular vim plugins such as: nerdtree, vim-airline, unite, vim-startify and many more it's magit! a emacs mode for git. reallive clone for linux and osx. git version. a python interface to singular flexible intermediate representation for rtl container cli tools persistent caching to memory, disk, or database high-level audio api. it can play ogg vorbis, mp3, flac, uncompressed wav, aiff, mod, s3m, xm, and it files just-in-time compilation using gcc. the icon programming language dash core (dash, dashpay, formerly darkcoin) is an open source, privacy-centric digital currency. (includes the qt-client, the headless daemon and the command-line tool.) a network monitor applet for windowmaker canon ij printer driver (for mg6200 series) collection of utilities for c programmers canon ij printer driver (for mg6300 series) open source ifc library and geometry engine. provides static libraries, python3 wrapper and blender addon. a free, open source linux webcamera software with more than 10 image control settings - alexzk1 fork remove password-protection from pdfs permanently. loader plugin for the pure programming language which lets you write external pd objects in pure fortune cookies in spanish, from the debian project a grub boot loader support menu on windows(fat,ntfs)/linux(ext2,3,4) a small and simple command tool which is changing the wallpaper on a switch to the next virtual desktop. bash completion script for maven a usability and bug-fix fork of shane's chess information database (svn version) r-like data analyis library for python. man pages for the gio 2 library a interactive graphical debugger for python code. socket.io plack app low level storj protocol reference implementation python2 bindings for glib/gobject/gio/gtk a versatile deduplicating backup tool. generates table of contents for markdown files inside local git repository., installed through npm (git-latest) coulr is a color box to help developers and designers. hyper-v file copy daemon for arch linux linux studio plugins: vst format a perl-script to send xmpp (jabber), similar to what mail(1) does for mail pulseaudio system tray (a replacement for padevchooser gtk2 standalone version) an application which sync files between your computers and synology nas python implementation of gettext lpr and cups driver for the brother hl2170w script to hibernate the computer after suspension. fallbacks to suspension if hibernation does not work. command line tool for examining the contents of ini files linux driver for dl-6xxx, dl-5xxx, dl-41xx and dl-3x00 multi-user tmux made easy python job scheduling for humans. a configurable power saving script with udev rules. tiny web server for serving static pages python bindings for libsensors.so from the lm-sensors project just roles. nothing else. provides a way to deal with database schema changes in sqlalchemy projects a distributed, open source, c/c package manager. minimalistic text based status bar image viewer for wayland and x11 script to add openbsd iso images to the grub2 boot menu neurokernel is a python framework for developing models of the fruit fly brain and executing them on multiple nvidia gpus (for python 2) the versatile commodore 8-bit emulator, sdl2 version gnumeric plugin for the pure programming language a lightweight, high-speed ecdh multiuser tun/tap tunnel that is based on epoll. a multiplatform gameboy emulator started as a way to learn about microprocessors, assembly language, memory addressing, etc. openrct2, command line interface (headless). opmsg message encryption the open source cfd toolbox tidy module for php musicbrainz' collate extension to postgresql the saw scripting language. minissdpd - daemon keeping track of upnp devices up blowfish encryption plugin compatible to original blowcrypt script double-dummy solver for bridge (the card game). perl6 avro data serialization firefox legacy npapi id card signing plugin. switchboard user accounts plug a lovely bold condensed script (otf), from pablo impallari a multi-platform c library to provide global input/ouput hooking from userland. systems programming language focused on safety, speed and concurrency (language and api documentation) ar drone 2.0 sdk written in c and qt legacy ghc. compatible with haskell platform 2013.2 independent re-implementation for unix of the plan 9 shell (from circa 1992). voice recordings for freeswitch django-geojson is a collection of helpers to (de)serialize (geo)django objects into geojson. oracle java 7 development kit (32-bit) (public release - end of support) a user-friendly graphical workbench for the entire data analysis process lightweight web server a self monitoring application designed to run on raspberry pi. development branch. lua (5.2) bindings for canvas draw library really awesome new cisco config differ a 3-dimensional star chart viewer. sans serif type family designed inside campi visivi’s type design course better fan control for hp probook 430 g2 gobject collection library (legacy) a compression/decompression library for open watcom (cross-)compilation tool to regenerate a pristine upstream tarball using only a small binary delta file and a copy of the source which can be a revision control checkout. file browser written in bash with an interface similar to ranger's hdf4 cf conversion toolkit bibtex parser in python geocoding toolbox for python 3. includes geocoder classes for the openstreetmap,esri arcgis,google,baidu,bing,yahoo,yandex,ign france,geonames,navidata,openmapquest,what3words,opencage,smartystreets,geocoder.us, and geocodefarm geocoder services. library that abstracts the control group file system in linux next generation open source speech synthesizer based on espeak (git version) a stable, modern and lightweight irc daemon rogue-like dungeon crawler utility intended to build on the functionality of my old cmyk separation plugin for the gimp. easily and efficiently manipulate multicast streams a cross-platform doom server browser m file syntax highlighting graphical interface to view text data files with definitions a high quality mpeg audio layer iii (mp3) encoder (mingw-w64) arc theme for konsole library and tools to access the bitlocker drive encryption (bde) encrypted volumes qt5 client for downloading movie subtitles from napiprojekt, opensubtitles, napisy24 acid transactions on a directory tree perl extension for filesystem disk space information c library to handle bulletml, a markup language to describe bullets in shooting games. a python-ish, bashwards-compatible shell command line tool to fetch summaries from mediawiki wikis, like wikipedia universal binary json encoder/decoder ros - this package contains a set of conversion functions to convert common tf datatypes (point, vector, pose, etc) into semantically identical datatypes used by other libraries. a spotify ad blocker a collection of scientific number classes for arbitrary precision, standard and custom units, and uncertainty for measured values. opus tags editor data driven development for perl6 multi-panel tabbed file manager a microbenchmark support library, by google python imaging library (pil) fork. (git, python 3) uim plugin module for mozc make contents of osd menu available via svdrp a library and tool for generating .pex (python executable) files an open source framework to run a content delivery network using mirror servers. libdvbsi - a free dvb si parser library written in c a game of lonely space adventure an open source network stress tool for windows. based on praetox's project at https://sourceforge.net/projects/loic/ and written in c#. generation of accessor and iteration functions for ocaml records ros - a metapackage which extends ros_base and includes ros libaries for any robot hardware. a blazing fast, modern plugin manager for fish play and download techno music from ektoplazm.com simplistic quiet user agent for the web tool for automatically upgrading d source code bindings allowing xapian to be used from tcl a simple, small, c xml parser that can be easily integrated into other programs (32 bit) firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - estonian package manager for .net. simple interface to locale::maketext::lexicon cli and hddtemp proxy for querying aquaero(r) 4.0 usb devices ctypes based libraw bindings a pass extension that lets you quickly copy to clipboard passwords using fzf or rofi. library that handles input devices for display servers and other applications that need to directly deal with input devices. (32-bit) ros - this package contains a c parser for the unified robot description format (urdf), which is an xml format for representing a robot model. next-generation distributed irc client - monolithic (minimal dependencies) universal config language a program based on cowsay that displays a cute cow and message on your desktop a natural language processing (nlp) toolchain that can work on ambiguous inputs (word lattices). vim support for crystal programming language a free masm-compatible assembler wait for interface to be online using iproute2 check brings instant messaging (xmpp, msn, yahoo!, aim, icq, twitter) to irc. libpurple enabled. the open-xchange carddav and caldav implementation the linux-surface4 kernel and modules an analog modelling (a.k.a. virtual analog) synthesizer a web server based on nginx and has many advanced features, originated by taobao. some extra modules enabled. libretro implementation of picodrive. (sega megadrive/genesis/sega master system/sega gamegear/sega cd/32x) manages client-side cookie jar for faraday http client portable c library for reading files that contain x-y data from powder diffraction, spectroscopy or other experimental methods. ros - a bond allows two processes, a and b, to know when the other has terminated, either cleanly or by crashing. kyocera printing package for many kyocera printers (stripped of kdialog4). buster.js javascript test framework. meta package that pieces together various sub-projects. png optimisation library using google's zopfli library, git version. verbiste is a french conjugation system. a binary-determination logic puzzle, also called light up. tag your files and access them through a virtual filesystem cross-platform fan control service for notebooks (stable & beta releases) wingpanel keyboard indicator tv show link scraper  downloader for scene-rls.com w/ debrid link unrestricting and support for a number of download managers across all platforms qt client for netmaumau a lightweight and platform independent offline routing software that works on pre-processed openstreetmap data and uses json for input and output. top-like interface for container metrics a digital oscilloscope using input from a sound card. this package does not support comedi devices. java tool for planning, optimizing and evaluating communication networks. module for authenticating users using the password stored in mysql a small mutt carddav search utility. manpages extras del sistema traducidas al castellano qml box2d application for displaying artwork japanese truetype font for developers obtained by mixing inconsolata and mgen vim fortune cookies a simple ebook manager app supporting basic collection management and tabbed document viewing maintain session ids using the stash python 2 wrapper around the twitter api is an extensible open format for the storage of disk images and related forensic information. random number generators next generation web scanner that identifies what websites are running. portable cvs repository synchronization utility next generation of the python high-level scripting language (mingw-w64) finite state machine manipulation platform, consisting of a library and tools implemented on top of it. multiplatform soundcard packet radio modem slacker is a full-featured python interface for the slack api an extension of params::validate using moose's types the apron numerical abstract domain library, with the ppl domain mopidy extension for playing music from youtube gd module for php headers and utilities for the djgpp dosbox cross-compiler a simple, extensible tool for literate programming build against icon libs and texlive a simple and powerful mpeg-2/ts demux and streaming application a project management tool for linux and unix system-based operating systems. amd/ati catalyst drivers for linux. fglrx kernel module only. radeons hd 2 3 4 xxx are not supported report the search path for a class's isa tree a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the adapteva epiphany target number-to-text / number-to-words converter utility for bahasa indonesia or indonesian rupiah (idr) currency. the ideal window manager for today's elegant and ascetic programmer python bindings for bittrex a graphical gtk mpd client focusing on low footprint - git checkout connectome workbench is an open source, freely available visualization and discovery tool used to map neuroimaging data, especially data generated by the human connectome project. provides a unified approach to tracing plugin which uses clang for formatting c and c code. git version. little bash script for playing various internet radio stations shell for json-rpc 2.0 http queries a programming language to create games (fenix successor) - core murano package validator tool python2 bindings for linux spi access through spidev simple command line tool to create toc files for cd burning with cdrdao sketching and gui prototyping/wireframing tool - version 2 final a tool for using your android device as a wireless/usb webcam voice recordings for freeswitch factory class for yahoo! and msn emoticons a perl module for querying xml tree structures with xql sauce record parser legacy ghc. compatible with haskell platform 2014.2 a beautiful persian font. oliver endriss experimental media tree as dkms lightweight performance tools a git-annex special remote for backblaze's b2 the gnu compiler collection bootstrap for the msp430-elf target. a simple command line effect processor using lv2 plugins. a gui mainly for aircrack-ng. automates cracking of wep and wpa artemis is a free genome viewer and annotation tool that allows visualization of sequence features and the results of analyses within the context of the sequence, and its six-frame translation. ros - package which implements capabilities, including code to parse capability interface specs, to parse capability provider specs, and implement the capability server. python library for iso 639 standard faenzafresh icon theme a free, open, and robust framework for caching and optimizing php intermediate code image viewer and browser based on gthumb. x-apps project (git version). freeware rhythm video game modern graphical system monitor, appindicator plugin lightweight exceptions python gpx (gps exchange format) parser headless webkit with javascript api (official static binary) nvidia drivers for linux-rt the program that draws a background for way cooler very atmospheric platform jump game based on unity player - demo version apache module to intercept application's login form submission and run pam authentication. a playstation emulator, not plugin based bugzilla subcommand for git creates backups of modified databases automatically generate a wvdial configuration for mobile broadband devices. open-source formatting library for c. music management and playback for gnome (fork by arfbtwn) like awk, but for json pull issues from issue trackers into taskwarrior (github, gitlab, bitbucket, etc.) english-russian dictionary of computer terms for stardict edb (evan's debugger) is a qt4 based binary mode debugger with the goal of having usability on par with ollydbg - 32 bit version (used to debug 32-bit applications on x86_64 architecture). simple python2/python3 graphics library. shiki-colors gtk and metacity theme platform.sh cli rajdhani font by itfoundry zephir is a compiled high level language aimed to the creation of c-extensions for php http://zephir-lang.com/ a free bios/uefi replacement for your computer international components for unicode library, version 51 ken silverman's zip compressor create a fake sharedir for your modules for testing. cyclic redundancy check (crc) implementation in python. convert compact form relac-ng schemas (rnc) to xml (rng) easy to use wysiwyg cd cover printer with cddb and cdtext support a linter for prose a gdb toolbox for low-level debugging open-source engine for heroes of might and magic iii a scientific visualization and analysis software for atomistic simulation data. a dummy package for tie::stdscalar plack::middleware which sets body for redirect response, if it's not already set dry django forms a program written with rust that allows the user to manage their systemd services via a gtk3 gui. a free-to-play, fan-made, mmo game that is predicated around the official pokémon games. official low-level client for elasticsearch (version 1.6) plugin for vapoursynth: psharpen (git version) better lighting for linux. open source gui for xflux ros - a set of plugins for publishing and subscribing to sensor_msgs/image topics in representations other than raw pixel data. ros - rqt_graph provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros computation graph. a high-quality data compression program (watcom-cross) papirus theme for libreoffice-fresh rpm (git version) control the behaviour of your cdrom device open source c implementation of omg data distribution service (dds) czech dictionary for wps office virtual python environment builder for pypy hribf data acquisition and analysis. lightweight c template library for vector and matrix math, a.k.a. linear algebra. mercurial version. archer fxnetwork fortune cookie file kosqlite is a gui frontend for sqlite written in qt5 luxrender exporter plugin for blender a small tool to capture things going on on an x-windows display to either individual frames or an mpeg video canon scanner driver (mx520 series) x86_64 provides an extensible config api, a unified virtual fs api, and a desktop item editor for glib-based projects. s4 generic functions needed by many bioconductor packages. “saaghar” (ساغر) is a persian poetry software written by c under qt framework, it uses ganjoor database as its database. it has tab feature in both its “viewer” and its “search” page that cause it be suitable for research goals. xsh - xml editing shell library that provides generic access to usb devices (mingw-w64) a pacman frontend which manages packages based on a holistic view of the system qml port of qtermwidget - development version geocoding toolbox for python 2. includes geocoder classes for the openstreetmap,esri arcgis,google,baidu,bing,yahoo,yandex,ign france,geonames,navidata,openmapquest,what3words,opencage,smartystreets,geocoder.us, and geocodefarm geocoder services. c preprocessor implementations of a hash table and a linked list the backgrounds included in linux mint 18 sarah freebasic compiler (release version) tweaked osmosdr for ad pluto support (temporary) plugin for vapoursynth: templinearapproximate (git version) module::extractuse - find out what modules are used a starting point for a project the ultimate email signature randomiser. standard c library implementation from the llvm project (memory sanitizer enabled) server for droidmote. use your androd as remote mouse and keyboard. original bluecurve engine from red hat's artwork package. enhanced philippe lacroute's volpack volume rendering library administration tool for linux-based isp traffic shaper palaver znc module provides push notifications async is a lightweight concurrency framework for c11. (mingw-w64) fork of the latex ide texmaker. gives you an environment where you can easily create and manage latex documents. built with phonon. maya kaqchikel language pack for firefox beta unicode-friendly ocaml lexer generator a cross platform c/c/php and node.js ide written in c download manager, written in java, for one-click hosting sites like rapidshare and megaupload. uses its own updater. module for the 'fog' gem to support local filesystem storage. discord extension that introduces new features like bttv emotes and plugin support. ros - python implementation of the urdf parser. a pastebin service written in php open broadcast software for scheduling and station management. net::sdp is an sdp (session description protocol) parser and generator. orders from jimmy john's via command line, inspired by xkcd 149. this package has less snark. a mate panel applet that shows which of the capslock, numlock and scrolllock keys are on and which are off. gstreamer multimedia framework good plugins (mingw-w64) python module to add support for orm-style filtering to any list of items trained language data for tesseract ocr engine update dynamic dns entries for accounts on many dynamic dns services, with ipv6 patch app::fatpacker - pack your dependencies onto your script file. firefox and chromium plugin, to access virtual machines console from vsphere web client. enlightenment connman user interface - development version get ssh passphrase from pass jim's fonts for x gimp plug-in that exports layers as separate images. pure programming language, graphics package -- interfaces for graphics and gui programming fortran library to compute the positions of celestial bodies and events with great accuracy kaitai struct: runtime library for ruby fast, easy, and free bittorrent client (gtk gui) (sequential patch) kde 4 support spanish (spain) language pack for seamonkey turn ssh into a thin client specifically for your app modern cross-platform apple iigs emulator implementation of bitcoin bip-0039 a light-weight scripting language that fits in the size, memory bandwidth, and real-time requirements of applications like video games clean and expressive language for .net and mono an open-source implementation of the opengl specification (32-bit) version 17.1.x only for intel x11 record extension wire protocol - git version a tool to write command line option parsing code for c programs caitsith linux userspace tools python 2 package that provides encoding and decoding routines that enable the serialization and deserialization of numerical and array data types provided by numpy using the highly efficient msgpack format. canon ij scanner driver (mg5400 series) the best commandline rest api and stress tester. general purpose cryptographic library based on the code from gnupg. latest commit from 1.5 branch - api version 11 (32bit). repeat commands! the russian system to search plagiarism in science texts. html toc generator drm transmitter using gnu radio graveman is a gpl frontend for: cdrecord, mkisofs, readcd, sox, flac, dvdrw-format/dvdrw-tools and cdrdao. simple, small, c xml parser that can be easily integrated into other programs (mingw-w64) linux sdl/imgui edition software for viewing .brd files eve online fitting assistant a faster way to navigate your filesystem from the command line silent screencast: video record your screen and make it into an animated gif the ellcc embedded compiler collection ros - ros-ified version of c(anonical) scan matcher (csm) artificial life game based on creatures 3 kde screenshot capture utility, without purpose a cross-platform, modern, and asynchronous library that enables developers to access and author connected applications let's help certbot client png library (for nintendo 3ds homebrew development) ruby berkeley db cross-platform real-time collaboration client optimized for business and organizations. sync friendly file encryption kbtin is a very heavily extended clone of well-known tintin. transform text files to xml, json, or yaml twisted qt integration tracks your hearthstone arena matches and cards. free version. parse informal natural language date/time strings a make utility similar to gnu make or the workshop dmake, formerly used by the openoffice.org build system. zsh/urxvt based program launcher this is the latest git release of compiz without de deps (gtk window decorator) the gnu compiler collection for the sh3eb-elf target. ada front-end for gcc (gnat) for multilib with x32 abi support perl extension for holding iptables rule information in objects python library that contains a few more complex elementary objects for easy importing/usage nvidia kernel module sources (dkms) 346 series a reverse-engineered version of frontier elite 2 to allow opengl rendering. a fork of ersatz emacs, the smallest of the microemacs forks. perl module enabling one to delete subroutines keep xscreensaver from coming on when kodi is active. c library for parsing, writing and creating rss/atom files or streams ebook management application, from git scan qr-code from context menu a fast and modern javascript engine (old 3.14 version required for plv8) a spanish male voice for the mbrola synthesizer ncurses bindings for haskell mmix assembler and simulator emacs version of the vim powerline. a smart and nice twitter client on terminal written in python c-base ceva font bash script that allows you to write, search and edit encrypted journal entrie wrapper library for accessing the language model tools for cmu sphinx (cmuclmtk). conditional training for rna secondary structure prediction an interactive shell for boltdb files ros - this stack provides python bindings for qt. xboard compatible chess engine and xiangqi (chinese chess) engine checks grammar using languagetool. optional static typing for python 2 and 3 perl interface to the gtksourceview library facebook command line interface an xmpp library for use with python 3.4 asyncio a virtual network service for openstack - metaplug in plugin notionwm fork with compton, dzen2, rofi, xft fonts support different default cfg bg libraries collection build ascii diagrams temporary directories that stick around when tests fail compiler offload infrastructure of intel® manycore platform software stack a twitter client for the console x notification utility with xinerama and xmp support, git version. amqp client library ros - package containing pcl (point cloud library)-related ros messages. wmappl is a simple scrolling application launcher for the windowmaker dock parallax backgrounds manager proxy auto-config and auto-discovery for python x desktop environment c-language tools poetic error messages http client/server for asyncio slab serif type family designed by alessio laiso a general dimension code for computing convex hulls and related structures (mingw-w64) ros - system-wide logging mechanism for messages sent to the /rosout topic. plugin for the xfce4 panel displaying instant disk/partition performance php extension allowing native interaction with systemd and its journal ros - service pair libraries for pub/sub non-blocking services. a time management utility for gnome based on the pomodoro technique string::compare - compare two strings and return how much they are alike mozc for emacs c library absolutely wonderful rocketminsta quakec compiler (fteqcc fork) php bindings for libsmbclient. read in midi events, process them, and output them again. python library for interacting with jira via rest apis ros - timing utilities are very dependent on the system api provided for their use. support --remote and friends for neovim ros - convex decomposition tool for robot model. atlassian plugin software developer kit change a macbooks' keyboard backlight level based on current ambient light. common data validation methods modules contain tools for working with syndication feeds. vpn (virtual private network) daemon (pre-release) none a simple gtk frontend for mpv. simple high frequency trading bot for crypto currencies the pi-hole ftl engine an easily moddable clone of rick dangerous provides a titlepage, a beamer template and other style elements for the vrije universiteit brussel. linux high level labjack u12 driver x-com data files (from steam) for openxcom (terror from the deep) emulation of the game chip's challenge figaro's password manager 2 simple file manager modified version of the arch initscript's network daemon, with hooks. a gnome web browser based on the webkit rendering engine (unstable version) monopoly board game client for the monopd server. zinc is a stand-alone version of sbt's incremental compiler export and convert microsoft® access® databases (.mdb) to various formats including sqlite last.fm scrobbler for cmus music player perl interface to the window navigator construction kit (improved) perl extension for using the cfitsio library community levels for nikki and the robots interface between emacs lisp and python. a python gui application, command line interface, and wrapper for tomb generate standardized bibtex citation labels a standalone global menu bar for gtk 2.0 based desktop environments. an htop like monitoring tool for nvidia gpus automatically format help messages. ros - underlying data libraries for roscpp messages. vim syntax highlighting for the opengl shading language (glsl) flexible context-aware input tool with extension - 32-bit libs python helpers for common cli tasks. userspace logging daemon for netfilter/iptables related logging a clone of space invaders zeromq core engine in c c parser generator python interface for the sam/bam sequence alignment and mapping format individual typesetting of subfiles of a main document. ros - package modeling the build-time dependencies for generating language bindings of messages. tools to make developing r packages easier convert pacman optional dependencies to real dependencies. update a and aaaa records for your inwx dyndns account a python based monitoring and tracking tool for plex media server. firmware dvb-fe-tda10046.fw for philips tda10046h dvb-t an opensource implementation of the openmax integration layer api - mad component fork of dmenu patched with xft, quiet, x & y, token, fuzzy matching, follow focus, tab nav, filter and full mouse support. a simple pomodoro app designed for elementary os. ros - this package contains a class for converting from a 2d laser scan as defined by sensor_msgs/laserscan into a point cloud as defined by sensor_msgs/pointcloud or sensor_msgs/pointcloud2. canon ij scanner driver (for mp490 series) cairo vector graphics library with directfb backend powerful electronic mail handling system, based on a set of command-line utilities. a modern desktop theme suite. its design is mostly flat with a minimal use of shadows for depth. mounts windows shares available in network high performance pptp/l2tp/pppoe/ipoe server a wunderlist app using vala and webkit as alternative to electron. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-jaguar kernel message transfer agent with maximal-enabled features gtk2 based toolkit for sugar (deprecated) the default wallpapers for trisquel. ansi cursor movement and graphics bengali spellcheck dictionary for aspell a tool for measuring web server performance. parallel http library on top of libcurl multi. neccessary xine plugins for remote frontends or local vdr output image super-resolution for anime-style art c class library for scientific computing. this version contains backward compatible patches needed for cqed gruvbox color scheme for vim a hungarian female voice for the mbrola synthesizer ncurses cd writer program which uses cdrecord and mkisofs mono/.net bindings for the webkit rendering engine rainloop webmail for owncloud a python binding for quantlib. compact git log --oneline with who & when image manipulation software for scientists ivideon server (with qt5 gui) graphical tool to display data from various chargers/dischargers topcoder arena a graphical roguelike, originally designed for the game boy advance replace functions with ones that succeed or die with lexical scope port of the default kde widget theme (oxygen) to gtk3 web frontend for puppetdb which relies on pypuppetdb perl package to create soap messages defined by wsdl 1.1 ros - planning components of moveit that use ros. generates cnc gcode from 2d pcb files (gerber/excellon/svg) a modern perl interactive shell the framework provides a comprehensive set of features to support classic virtual reality (vr) and advanced augmented reality (ar) equally well. an extension to restructuredtext and sphinx to be able to read and render doxygen xml output. provides users with tools to generate pictures of various types of fractals quickly and easily latex class for federal university of santa catarina (ufsc) theses ace stream engine firmware for sysclk lwla-1016/1034 logic analysers genetic optimization code inconsolata-dz-powerline a multi platform twitch.tv browser for streamlink save darwinians from the viral infection that threatens their existance (game sold separately) stochastic simulation algorithms for sbml and pysces models a 2d arcade-puzzle game. the aim is to collect chains of same-color bubbles, and to destroy all the target items. android sdk platform, latest api dead code detector (dcd) for php code. action code script (acs) compiler from zdoom a standalone application to analyze audio files for silence and print ranges of detected signals. a simple command line utility to create bittorrent metainfo files osmocom library for sccp specification-style nosetests output for python hanami utilities. libpurple plug-in supporting microblog services like twitter perl pragma to override core functions 'zelda: return of the hylian' is a fan-made zelda game (english version) ruby on rails syntax highlighting for gtksourceview 1928 bentley blower 4.5l car model for racer (cg version) by harey maintain session ids using cookies. cpu frequency plugin for the xfce4 panel content manager assistant for the ps vita (appindicator) open keepass stores inside nextcloud a markdown- and pandoc-based content management system (cms). open-source software developed to analyze electrochemical data and other one-dimensional signals. generic interface to crc algorithms an wysiwyg html5 editor focused on bootstrap ui ldap schema for fusiondirectory opsi plugin intelligent blend tool for overlapping pictures gnu global with extra goodies for linux kernel development openstopmotion animation capture a library which provides a highly usable object-oriented c/qt5 framework for rdf data c library with a fortran 90/95 module interface for reading/writing matlab mat-files a qt4 frontend for the gambatte emulator spouts silly mad-lib-style porn-like text lpr and cups driver for the brother hl2140 microsoft azure command-line tools resource command module uri::nested - nested uris a keyboard interface to the web. minimal x screenshot utility gui application allowing access to a 'databox' - an electronic communication interface endorsed by the czech government ros - unit-testing package for ros. a linux clone of notepad arcade 2d shoot-them-up game with 41 levels and more than 200 sprites the add-ons linter, js edition. monospace bitmap font (for x11 and console) with td1 patch (centered ascii tilde) the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lalburst ros - rostopic contains the rostopic command-line tool for displaying debug information about ros topics, including publishers, subscribers, publishing rate, and ros messages. gnome extension which allows the control of the volume of individual applications as well as a more in depth control of mpris aware applications from a single applet duckduckgo from the terminal a monospace bit font, inspired by ocr-a. created to be very readable on small sizes a gimp plugin for bump maps easy to use python module to extract exif metadata from tiff and jpeg files. a file browser for vim (qt4) the obfourscator - a pluggable transport proxy written in go the x multimedia system - a multimedia player pugdebug is a standalone debugging client for php applications that uses xdebug as the debugging engine scaleft(tm) client tools wrap op check callbacks a simple utility to manage vmware fusion vms from the command line. simple xml editor and xsd viewer this is a django authentication backend that authenticates against an ldap service. ros - transmission interface. proxy-arp daemon gamecube disk image editor an adaptive gtk theme based on the flat-plat gtk theme. an xorg driver for multitouch trackpads and clickpads kernel module driver for moxa multi port usb serial 1250 1410 1450 1610 1650 rs-232 422 485 library for opening, seeking, and decoding .opus files - 32 bit version a package for python used by programmers, musicians, composers and researchers to make and investigate music. secure let's encrypt client asynchronous event-driven programming a scilab api for python a clean, whitespace-sensitive template language for writing html bitcoin scrypt is a decentralised currency and using the scrypt algorithm - qt program to make the debian source package alsa modular modules in lv2 form. check the password strength for you. tmux service and mixer ombi v3.0 open beta. gives plex or emby users the ability to request content by themselves a c toolkit for working with macromolecular coordinate files open source sdk used for the development of 3d sensing middleware libraries and applications compositing manager for implementing effects with regular window managers. fast forward population genetic simulation the pantheon calendar firmware for xceive xc3028 tuners python 3 client for pre-commit math::bigint::gmp - backend library for math::bigint etc. based on gmp nylas mail: a new mail client for linux, mac and windows, built on the modern web and designed to be extended. (formerly n1, git version) effortless asynchronous application development for the modern web and enterprise python3 interruptingcow library gui for radare2 and pyew jack audio connection kit (jack) client for python a wallpaper changer that scrapes www.bijint.com to set your wallpaper to someone holding up the current time with many different actor sets simple graylist mail filter module, by acme labs automatic book downloading via nzbs & torrent an extension adding web based editor for css, js and lua. fast url matcher library performance profiler for serial and parallel performance analysis 0.2.525261 transparently encrypts your instant messages with rsa encryption. easy-to-use, but very secure. enabled rhythmbox to start either hidden or minimized a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (with openglhq patch) a simple wrapper for zbar metapackage to install python-novaclient and rackspace extensions a lightweight converter between hankaku(half-width) and zenkaku(full-width) characters ipv4/ipv6 addresses manipulation library a collection of widgets that were developed at vmware (32 bit) a user-friendly color dialog and several color-related widgets for qt sophisticated text editor for code, html and prose. fcitx input method support youdao dictionary the gcovr script applies the unix gcov command and generate a simple report that summarizes the coverage. a cross-platform application and ui framework (mingw-w64) a layout-agnostic typing program aimed at people who don't need an on-screen keyboard the implementation of r6rs scheme programming language for real-time applications. free open-source cross-platform disk encryption software historical copy of qt 1, adapted to compile on modern systems (circa. 2016) sourcery codebench lite for arm none eabi cross-platform c library for asynchronous network i/o (mingw-w64) a fuse module for mounting virtualbox disk images (vdi/vmdk/vhd) on the host openh264 is a codec library which supports h.264 encoding and decoding clar's theme configuration. the listen gem listens to file modifications and notifies you about the changes. works everywhere! tools to work with android .dex and java .class files an environment module system based on lua, reads tcl modules, supports a software hierarchy a fast and accurate multiple sequence alignment algorithm designed to align large numbers of sequences this is the development version of cura 2 for lulzbot 3d printers by aleph objects, inc. remote tracking and monitoring application for laptops, smartphones, and other electronic devices arduino sam core for arduino due latex to xml converter the mate panel (gtk3 version) modern graphical system monitor, appindicator plugin convert or render graphs (as ascii, html, svg or via graphviz) access to the windowing system (mingw-w64) a gtk volume control tool for pulseaudio a minimal-effort oriented web application framework recursively merge two or more hashes, simply port of the tulip project (asyncio module, pep 3156) ros - rosmake is a ros dependency aware build tool which can be used to build all dependencies in the correct order. a simple program and library to auto generate api documentation for python modules. change the input of a single command interactively mozc for emacs a podcast receiver/catcher manipulate 64 bits integers in perl ago: human readable timedeltas library for reading several different image formats (includes ilut & doesn't --{dis,en}able more than that) ros - a python gui plugin for introspecting available ros message types. returns your ip address and geolocation data using http://ipinfo.io xml parsing library, version 2, with high line number patch applied ncurses-based ssl certificate viewer compiler infrastructure and toolchain library for webassembly, in c play as a cooped-up cat where your paw is your only weapon and mischief-making is your only directive. fast sql database server, community edition v5.6 process manager for procfile based applications automatically stitches a set of high resolution scanned segments of a large document, e.g. map, producing a near-seamless output shows a fortune as a notification an easy to use build system. designed to be make/autotools for the 21st century. (semplice linux fork) map a fast, parallel, featured python unit-testing framework ros - the pluginlib package provides tools for writing and dynamically loading plugins using the ros build infrastructure. web browser that blocks ads and trackers by default. a hack and slash action adventure, set in a fantasy pixel art environment smarty3-gettext provides gettext support for smarty, the popular php templating engine (http://smarty.php.net/). a game based on the open-source assaultcube first-person shooter (fps) client/server network backup for windows and linux, builds server or client yet another web front-end for rtorrent a third-person action game featuring a unique close-range combat system an interactive vi tutorial. a simple viewer for sanger sequencing files schedule reminders easily from an indicator an amazing helper script to generate pydoc for your python projects an opensource cross-platform gui library written in modern c11 for static linking gcc-xml generates an xml description of a c program from gcc's internal representation a free 3d modelling and animation software gnu emacs, the extensible self-documenting text editor, with gtk2 graphical interface — built from git sources. warning: emacs's git repository is 1.25 gb in size! airforce theme pack for xde a dictionary / word translator written in ruby. it uses the dictionaries you can fetch from http://www.dict.cc. rdictcc has a tight integration into emacs. a commandline tool to allow sending arbitrary ip packets. mysql driver for asyncio a modern object-oriented programming language. homematic wired module for homegear android sdk sources, api-19 literation mono powerline brainstorming and mind mapping software python btrfs ros - this rqt plugin ros package provides easy view of .launch files. chicken scheme egg: generates bindings from c/c declarations netcdf, hdf and grib data viewer by nasa giss simple systemd service to activate console decorations on system start. requires fbsplash and a kernel with fbcondecor patch applied. x2go qt4 client message archive management for ejabberd openconnect vpn server scientificpython is a collection of python modules for scientific computing. it contains support for geometry, mathematical functions, statistics, physical units, io, visualization, and parallelization. buildbot ui a powerful vnc client with a lot of features, compatible with windows' ultravnc servers an python3 extension to the django web framework that provides comprehensive version control facilities standalone systemd libs (for eudev) scidb is a chess information data base svn-checkout manga downloader for linux and windows script to connect to the juniper firewall with enabled hostchecker perl interface to the simd digest algorithm filter files by properties - ametisf fork updated slic3r by prusa3d with many bugfixes and new features vdpau driver for allwinner sunxi socs pure python download utility qlivestreamer is a small qt/c frontend for livestreamer, inspired by glivestreamer. a backup utility that stores files on other disks bridge to robustirc.net-irc-network the official beeracademy package koala is a gui application for less, sass and coffeescript compilation, to help web developers use these tools more efficiently for development. an extensible mail notification daemon simple ctypes bindings for fuse the new wave theme, minus the ubuntu orange, with dark menus simplenote syncing note-taking application, inspired by notational velocity and resophnotes, but uglier and cross-platformerer. this library can be used as a module for fog or as standalone provider to use the voxel in applications. a customizable, syntax-aware linter for prose. a c wrapper for libgnomeui utilities related to prime numbers, including fast sieves and factoring a free, fast-paced crossplatform first-person shooter. git version. please see aur comments. python module for the libpcap packet capture library, based on the original python libpcap module by aaron rhodes. monitor a directory tree in a non-blocking way interprocess communication with i3 wm mariadb connector/odbc is a standardized, lgpl licensed database driver using the industry standard odbc api pantheon polkit agent coding style formatter for css yet another robot platform software that drives the hxc floppy usb emulator web toolkit for the long hair, or comet create a shadow directory of symbolic links to another directory tree simple shout plugin on pidgin extends the gnu libc with some missing stuff from bsd elementary wallpapers paper is an open source desktop theme and icon project by sam hewitt trimmomatic: a flexible read trimming tool for illumina ngs data mass file renamer android support repository package additional indentation rules for fortran 95 and fortran 90 rack compatible http router for ruby. intel c/c 18.0.4 an script for converting text objects of a svg to path objects tin2rc file for windows10 gtk theme tool to create abi reports from elf binaries in packaging morphological analyzer for japanese edk2 ovmf firmware from fedora 26 rpm alien::hunspell - install hunspell x86 (intel) assembly language syntax highlight support in gtksourceview3 for gedit 3 and others a ncurses wrapper around taskwarrior solaris porting layer kernel modules. a javascript based builder for latex, knitr and literate haskell that automatically builds dependencies. ros - various tools for imu devices. additional ploting tools for octave. wraps dcd, dfmt and dscanner to one unified environment managed by dub a spanish male voice for the mbrola synthesizer pacemaker corosync shell utility for cluster configuration a satellite orbit prediction library a higher-order effectful language designed for program verification out-of-game asset manager for eve-online, written in java make emacs bindings that stick around html5 management for kvm utility to format and make bootable usb drives modern, beautiful irc client written in gtk 3, git version tcp sniffer. it reassembles and reorders packets and displays the tcp flow in a customizable way. canon scanner driver (mg5100 series) puoi leggere su computer desktop, sul portatile e sul tablet i tuoi libri scolastici digitali. a virtual network service for openstack - open vswitch plugin graphical user interface toolkit for x (32-bit) provide a full carddav backend for sabredav to connect with zarafa groupware emacs framework for incrementally selecting semantic regions a copy of catalyst-firepro with libgl support removed. a library for making high-quality scientific graphics a platform shooter set in the surreal world of an unstable mind carddav plugin for roundcube webmailer libraries for use with postgresql standalone web browser from mozilla — nightly build (es-es) osd2web is a vdr skin interface for web browsers, to show and navigate through the vdr osd ros - a set of tools that can be used from a hard realtime thread, without breaking the realtime behavior. python json-rpc over http that mirrors xmlrpclib syntax real time correlator of events received by prelude manager displays and manages pymodoro session states via i3blocks. networking constants and support functions an install helper program for desktop stuff. security & privacy plug for switchboard a web application foundation for perl 6 a build automation tool for the clojure programming language. evented i/o for v8 javascript some cmake stuff for use with the vxworks 6.3 gcc toolchain implementation of well known jeopardy! quiz show in c with qt openss7 fast-streams and protocol suites mount pointcarre.vub.ac.be with fuse simple way to turn uris into qnames recompresses flac files while preserving tags klingon piqad mandel font. microsoft azure command-line tools devtestlabs command module userspace tool to create ext4 encrypted directories. git checkout a slender monospace typeface. shape: default. plack::test::externalserver - run http tests on external live servers php object oriented interface to cairo graphics library. fuse userspace filesystem for amazon aws s3 buckets test a distribution's meta file ealogger is an easy to use asynchronous logger library for c pyparrotzik is a simple applet indicator for parrot zik headset. the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lalinference a simple, fast and easy to use python graph library using numpy, scipy and pysparse an utility that accesses files on a http server and stores them locally for reuse. telepathy connection manager for the telegram network an icon theme based on faenza a network diagnostics utility ros - rqt_runtime_monitor provides a gui plugin viewing diagnosticsarray messages. provides a collection of (macro-based) functions for performing safe integer operations across platform and architecture with a straightforward api kill everything that moves ros - realsense camera package allowing access to intel 3d cameras and advanced modules. pragmatapro by fabrizio schiavi ros - the controller manager. python bindings for the qt charts library a python module for distributed just-in-time shared library building plasmoid for plasma 5. an extended calendar with daily weather forecasts and events from google calendar. allow dhcpd to update samba dns toolchain for arch arm builds via distcc on x86_64 slaves a graphical front-end for command line emulators that hides the underlying operating system and is intended to be controlled with a joystick or gamepad. .xlsx file reader and writer for qt5 a computer program for speciation, batch-reaction, one-dimensional transport, and inverse geochemical calculations ros - a simple viewer for ros image topics. osx-arc-darker theme for gtk 3.x the lxqt application launcher synchronizes the two copy/paste buffers mainly used by x applications a simulator of malaria epidemiology and control. urw postscript core35 fonts - type 1 format an inotify-based file watching and job triggering command line utility perl/cpan module lingua::ispell: a module encapsulating access to the ispell program. hoedown is a revived forkof sundown, the markdown parser based on the original code of the upskirt library by natacha porté. a daemon that can serve a cgi script over http or fastcgi. a compression/decompression library for open watcom (cross-)compilation look-and-feel package for modified and adaptive papirus dark theme for kde (git version) data structures for php 7. c language family frontend for llvm (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.6/) ros - the controller manager. support for texas instruments cc debugger this is the elegant brit gtk theme ported to gtk3. includes gtk2, gtk3, metacity and gnome shell themes. a modbus library for linux, mac os x, freebsd, qnx and win32 (development version) a small and configuration free irc server, suitable for private use. this is anjali old lipi, a font belonging to a set of truetype and opentype fonts released under the gnu general public license for malayalam language. scikit-rf (aka skrf) is a python package for rf/microwave engineering share the terminal with your friends. classes and functions for programming in gtk library with common api for various mate modules (gtk3 version) script for debloating network interfaces libraries for building reactive services in perl6 - ssl part a text menu based utility for configuring ppp. starts i3 inside a gnome session. desktop timer for pomodoro technique users a virtualenv wrapper for the fish shell firefox for vim and links addicts (signed fork) tries to fix minecraft worlds (or region files). reproducable password generator unlock gnupg keys on login various extra foils for mse. this one is the fracture foil gradient. zurl is an http and websocket client daemon with a zeromq interface rsbag common lisp tools ascii plotting, because matplotlib is too mainstream adobe air software development kit and runtime environment puzzle game of wrapping rope around wooden sculptures (humble android 2 bundle) testing utility classes and functions for sphinx extensions python sql toolkit and object relational mapper platform security assessment framework desktop application for phonepi project library that allows a direct access to a ftdi usb3.0 chip (ft60x) based device. proprietary ftdi drivers beta. xorg x server with the patch for freedesktop bug 865 (need to kick hotkeys on release, not press) a slender monospace sans-serif and slab-serif typeface inspired by pragmata pro, m and pf din mono. allows connect dslr cameras with obs-studio through gphoto on linux gstreamer multimedia framework good plugins microsoft windows 10 southeast asian truetype fonts pure python obelisk  bitcoin client side library a fast-paced team-based outer-space multi-player combat game test::reporter::transport::metabase - metabase transport for test::reporter search through your filesystem with sql-esque queries a fast and secure web browser and internet suite - beta stream minecraft server template unit files and control script a minimalist, open source online pastebin where the server has zero knowledge of pasted data mopidy qt client an implementation of the precision time protocol (ptp) according to ieee standard 1588 for linux. ros - packages for interfacing ros with opencv, a library of programming functions for real time computer vision. tool to download humble indie bundle binaries by file name a windowing toolkit for use with tcl python 3 implementation of the wxpython ui library a web-interface based binary newsgrabber with nzb file support plugin for firefox which ensures you are using https whenever it's possible. simple file browser for the terminal, bepos version. a lightweight display manager a script that displays the arch logo and some basic information, written in python. collaborative drawing program specially made for use with pen tablets (server) specifications and tools for 360º video and spatial audio. imagy.me screenshooter for xfce4 hooks for nfs v4 root support in mkinitcpio command line client for exercism.io hts voice for open jtalk a chinese & japanese programming font based on iosevka and source han sans the schematic and 3d libraries supported by kicad team an utility to trace bitmaps: convert bitmaps to vector graphics a colour management system (cms) on operating system level. a moose role for processing command line options an esoratic programming language easy to use progress bars for python russian-specific string utils a pairing-based cryptography library c library encapsulating the kernel usb gadget-configfs userspace api functionality chinese simplified, chinese traditional, japanese, korean and extended language font packs for adobe acrobat reader a selection of themes for gnome, xfce and more (includes zukitwo and zukitre). path utilities for python 2. this library can be used as a module for fog or as standalone provider to use the riakcs in applications. popular easy to use ruby client for rabbitmq a small mailx clone, optimized to handle large mbox files. google android emulator, dummy package a 2d game about building and maintaining factories. set of rules and files modifying iptables and ipset rules. python library and command-line utility for shodan search plugins for musicbrainz picard a dark red scalable icon theme. generic access to configuration files in any formats (to be in the future) posterazor cuts a raster image or pdf document into pieces which can be printed and assembled to a poster - qt5 version a gnumeric extension which lets you use pure functions in gnumeric, the gnome spreadsheet. un software per consultare, cercare e catalogare gli articoli dei 500 numeri di le scienze additional folder colors for the default ozon os icon theme a pidgin plugin to login and send whispers to battle.net v2 users. file format reverse engineering and rapid prototyping tool. customizeable wayland compositor written in rust pagespeed optimization library tetra receiver / decoder (sq5bpf's fork). uses gnuradio. see http://www.rtl-sdr.com/rtl-sdr-tutorial-listening-tetra-radio-channels/ for usage instructions. symlinks to ghc with only boot libs, useful for building static binaries shared library of mgba privacy enhanced bittorrent client with p2p content discovery a simple wrapper for gnu screen and cmus. lpr and cups driver for brother td-4100n label printer net::write - a portable interface to open and send raw data to network a 9 level ncurses pacman game with editor, patched not to disturb our package manager and to have nice ghosts cross-platform text/hex editor, a fork of madedit with bug fixes and improvements perl interface to the hamsi digest algorithm an fsp compiler and lts analysis tool pooler's litecoin cpuminer world maps for pygal vlevel is a tool to amplify the soft parts of music so you don't have to fiddle with the volume control. lossless music addon for drascula kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux kernel (git version) ciliora-tertia theme for cinnamon easily search for system users base python library for tegaki a puzzle platformer where you manipulate the flow of time (humble bundle/store version) enhances apparent sharpness of an image by increasing contrast in high frequency space. utility library for gitignore style pattern matching of file paths plugin for avxsynth. depan (git) script to run dedicated x server with discrete nvidia graphics a minimalistic gtk3 notification daemon written in python. convenience store of packages for i3wm python binding for the lib oqapy-iproc functions to read one single char from standard input without waiting for a newline sandboxed zathura document viewer with seccomp filter plugin for vapoursynth: fmtconv (git version) android app to control a virtual network tablet on linux patched cryptsetup that supports invoking a script to obtain passphrase python2-lesscpy applet for managing network connections sensor monitoring, system event monitoring, power control, and serial-over-lan (sol) pacman wrapper for faster downloads. a library allowing optional async readback opengl frame buffer with optional audio recording cli and gui program to download pages from google books as png images universal encoding detector for python 2 and 3. python3 version. open-source office suite that combines text, spreadsheet and presentation editors. a tool for sampling and limiting time and memory usage of a program kamus besar bahasa indonesia luring. c library and tools for lc/ms data management and analyses none html themes for the mdm display manager an extensible i3status replacement/wrapper written in python (development version) common files for vala-panel-extras simple and modern jabber/xmpp client written in vala portable lightweight library for communicating with the gdb run c# sources like scripts gives you a place to put all your add-on buttons without over-crowding the navigation bar. a .gitignore magician in your command line reads a stream of points from a file or stdin and plots them. nvidia drivers utilities stereoscopic 3d video player with multi-display support. delphi-like ide for freepascal qt5 version tt2/3, ht, hte, tmpl, and velocity engine fine-grained cloning support for moose objects. l2tp support for networkmanager a tetris clone using the qt gui toolkit caja front-end for rabbitvcs meta search for nzb indexers core compiler tools for the go programming language encfs gui for encrypted directory mounting chicken scheme egg: optimized record access manage gnome night light temperature intensity from the panel. gcalctool is an application that solves mathematical equations and is suitable as a default application in a desktop environment. postgresql database modeler: an open source case tool for modeling postgresql databases a german female voice for the mbrola synthesizer ros - bound incoming velocity messages according to robot velocity and acceleration limits. ros - a set of plugins for publishing and subscribing to sensor_msgs/image topics in representations other than raw pixel data. simple utility that inverts colors on all screens, using xrandr. homegear core nodes for node-blue ros - roscpp_traits contains the message traits code as described in messagestraits. slovak language pack for firefox beta ros - ros messages for geographic information systems. vim syntax highlighting for khronos extension specification documents a platform for building proxies to bypass network restrictions. wolfenstein 3d, cult first person shooter video game from id software and apogee academic software for managing and sharing research papers (desktop client) a powerful, 8-bit clean, text editor. supports iso-8859-15 and ascii. colour representations manipulation library (rgb, hsl, web, ...) command line interface to the nibl xdcc package search a simple time manager gstreamer clutter (hardware rendering) player backend for gnome twitch a text editor in less than 1000 loc with syntax highlight and search (git version) spanish (catalan) dictionary for wps office a simple cli for scaffolding vue.js projects. a pure python, thread-safe, minimalistic and pythonic rabbitmq client library a tool for managing multiple git repositories the llvm compiler infrastructure (32-bit) a bundle of r packages needed by jasp desktop search your recordings and find the one you are looking for ros - self_test. library  command line tools to access a "schoberer rad messtechnik" powercontrol v, vi and 7  read/write their files a tex utility program for editing dvi files directly. ros - metaprogramming tools move alot of runtime calculations to be shifted to compile time. a scalable, survivable, strongly-consistent sql database use the repeat command (.) with supported plugins tclreadline makes the gnu readline library available for interactive tcl shells, including history expansion and file/command completion control onkyo receivers over ethernet. daemon for transparent ip (layer 3) proxy arp bridging gui for bristol, based on python3 and tkinter musical key detection for digital audio. python package to manipulate healpix maps firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - gaelic (scotland) ldap schema for fusiondirectory postfix plugin the metal gtk theme. for gnome 3.16, gnome-shell, xfce, cinnamon, mate, firefox, & chromium a dual-screen opengl pdf presentation software a file carving tool for recovery and forensics are you a human (ayah) python integration library and captcha alternative themes for the metacity window manager a simple and lightweight blog system for apache httpd server demultiplexes data and converts bcl files generated by illumina sequencers to fastq for downstream analysis. perl keyboard support functions for x11 a live network emulation tool, originally designed for testing networking protocols, and since then used for a variety of applications including bandwidth management. meta package that installs or additional cars for racer, the free simulator. cg version (for newer video cards) an incomplete xcb-util port plus some extras ros - provides ros plugins that offer message and service publishers for interfacing with gazebo through ros. drivers for rt3290 chipset wireless cards cocos2d-x is a game engine that supports multiple platforms such as ios, android, winxp/7/8, wp8, blackberry, meego, marmelade, webos, mac os x powerful and easy-to-use gui multimedia player based on mpv kobolds in this roguelike are smarter than your average kobold. python2 authentication-results headers generation and parsing creates implementation stubs from c headers. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine digipen sophomore game - final version bitcoin core headless p2p node an advanced quake 1 game engine set the x11 window icon for any given window to that of a given image file owncloud client based on mirall a wrapper of selenium-server-standalone.jar high quality japanese truetype fonts ambiance and radiance themes, with a slight colour variation. drop down terminal extension for the gnome shell a perl implementation of the html document object model generate polished résumés and cvs in html, markdown, latex, ms word, pdf, plain text, json, xml, yaml, smoke signal, and carrier pigeon. a fork of liblastfm which allow custom hosts a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files (armv8l-linux-gnueabihf) the next scripting framework (for short: nsf) is an infrastructure for creating object-oriented scripting languages based on tcl. this package provides two object-orientated extensions for tcl, nx and xotcl2. kde wallet management tool (kde4 version) spy for perl5 a python script for xunlei lixian. a mesh and field i/o library and scientific database a fast dictionary lookup program. hide the tab bar if there is only one tab. ros - xacro (xml macros) xacro is an xml macro language. dell openmanage idrac linux remote access utilities (racadm) a wordwise implementation of gnu diff a third-person action game featuring a unique close-range combat system network common data form interface for array-oriented data access implemented in java compiz option code generator an open source third party viewer for second life® (secondlife), only. a graphical tool for database development a simple multi-channel audio mixer (mingw-w64) metapackage for the development version of all kde-telepathy components. media properties columns in nemo a text-based personal organizer (git version). decrypt mp3 files from google play music offline storage (all access) a library providing a set of interfaces for accessibility. git version. zx spectrum emulator support library. anti evil maid for initramfs-based systems. supplemental build and packaging optimizations for makepkg (v2) assemble a crack team of thieves and execute the perfect crime a library offering a collection of utilities for the empirical statistical testing of uniform random number generators shared components of seafile: seafile-daemon, libseafile, libseafile python bindings (mingw-w64). on-hold music for freeswitch official mega.nz sdk inspired by gnu parallel, a command-line cpu load balancer written in rust. a platformer adventure game set in a cave (humble bundle version) gm soundbank by michel villeneuve. a python shell which is designed to be reliable and fun. vmware vsphere api python bindings check whether perl files compile correctly. a patched version of glib2, with spammy console warning messages disabled si6 networks' ipv6 toolkit, a security assessment and troubleshooting tool popular, blazing fast open source enterprise search platform from the apache lucene project a python slugify application that handles unicode an application finder for xfce (gtk3 version) converts binary numbers to decimal integers or ascii text another rc for a faster command line source files for the linux kernel rar archive reader for python libretro implementation of catsfc. (super nintendo entertainment system) change wallpaper automatically, for example, with the photo of the day of national geographic df with progress bar in pacman style a general purpose sip proxy with media capabilities downloading files from yaour account at chomikuj.pl console based application to stream dvb/atsc service(s) over udp or to a file. a modular, theme-able status line generator for the i3 window manager. mp4 muxer and other tools none a recreation of the gnome-shell hamster extension as a xfce4 panel plugin. mpv opengl (hardware rendering) player backend for gnome twitch generate scripting interfaces to c/c code lightweight terminal-based multicore cpu usage monitor lightning-fast url fetcher library to interact with vita's usb mtp protocol nvidia drivers for linux-rt, 340xx legacy branch a regular language recognizer generater like ragel, enhanced with features to approximate context-free grammars and substring grammars stress-free wrapper around grep, using f. ros - library for various controller types and algorithms. tcl with classes (tclcl) is a tcl/c interface tools for creating, working with, and running rails applications. python serialization module a lightweight and highly configurable tiling window manager for x the ultimate kafka ui tool radically simple it automation platform u-boot for a13 olinuxino micro fuse-based deduplicating filesystem php twig extension. resolver/dns cache daemon simple bash script to visualize the value of your bitcoin investment. xilinx ise design suite iter vehemens ad necem - a tile-graphics roguelike with limb dismembering xen support for pulseaudio parse rss feed and tweet new posts to twitter a package for solving ordinary differential equations and more. pre-process and show information of sequence data a cross-platform gui automation python module for human beings (git) rust source files net::interface - perl extension to access network interfaces svg path objects and parser python library for typed dictionaries... sorta plugin for firefox that enhances the steam website and adds new functionality. python tool for reformatting and plotting/graphing nmon output lirc driver for iguanair devices a library for adding a drop down console to any sdl application nokogiri interface to the gumbo html5 parser ros - rosconsole_bridge is a package used in conjunction with console_bridge and rosconsole for connecting console_bridge-based logging to rosconsole-based logging. simple scrypt-based cli password manager java library for gnu tar archives qemu without gui, for foreign architectures. git version. ninja boot'n'nuke. boot'n'nuke implemented as an initcpio image. the gnu compiler collection, version 4.4.7 - multilib version before the sending occurs it looks for recipients addressed using either to or cc. when found, it will take action based upon the user-specified options that have been set a platform independent python debugger gnu emacs. official git master. palettes for gimp made by davide revoy chicken scheme egg: list-utils rednex gameboy development system control vdr via a joystick device. program to help editing po files, without poedit name clash ros - meta-package of libraries for processing laser data, including converting laser data into 3d representations. generate fast xs accessors without runtime compilation virtual management infrastructure as a service (iaas) toolkit for cloud computing (note: read the pkgbuild!) a tool to ping a server and make plots with ping's data miscellaneous framebuffer utilities including fbres and fbtruetype generate common types of methods ros - nav_msgs defines the common messages used to interact with the navigation stack. multicast shared co-navigation library for bible programs gnu toolchain for the ti msp430 processor a python wrapper around the sdl2 library a c library for creating excel xlsx files (mingw-w64) microsoft azure linux guest agent read and write audio tags for many formats in python 3 an uncompromising wilderness survival game full of science and magic a semi-realistic simulation of the old west great atmosphere built on id tech 3. the easiest, quickest, and most popular quakeworld client. vulnerability scanner terminfo for termite, a simple vte-based terminal libpsl bindings for lua 5.3 an audio/video manager and front end for mpv/mplayer with special emphasis on anime collection the glasgow haskell compiler an optimized blas library based on gotoblas2 1.13 bsd, providing optimized blas, lapack, and cblas. (mingw-w64) kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-selinux kernel none a 3d collision detection and rigid body dynamics library for games and animation (mingw-w64) beep glide on poweron/poweroff pacmans displays terminal's color pallete. python framework for unix-like command line programs fast javascript parser (based on esprima.js) a fast, intuitive linear algebra library for c eclipse plugin which integrates apache ivy's dependency management subclass of lwp::useragent that protects you from harm cmu sphinx g2p model for spanish lubyk base module. graph computation extensible memoizing collections and decorators game server based on the 'byond' language [build your own net dream]. collection of utilities for dealing with ip addresses none tex math commercial font (free version) kamoso is an application to take pictures and videos out of your webcam. git version. stardict tools tool (written in fortran-90) for data transfer of gridded 2- and 3-dimensional (spatial) geophysical/geochemical scalar fields between grids of different resolutions. a simple program to visualize a gpx file a classic 2d jump'n run sidescroller game in a style similar to the original supermario game streamlining phylogenomic data gathering, processing and visualization general-purpose scalable concurrent malloc implementation (x32 abi) a fast k nearest neighbor library for low-dimensional spaces image blender for the seamless blending of panoramic images similar to enblend segger ozone jlink debugger for linux a mixed integer linear programming (milp) solver (mingw-w64) an ssh2 extension for php python helper for semantic versioning (http://semver.org/) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine opengl zdoom port with client/server multiplayer. a library for creating non-linear video editors a free multi-lingual font designed specifically for screens. aims to be an 'almost complete' but usable mpv gui a tool that can be used to control features of the "lenovo thinkpad usb keyboard with trackpoint" lpr and cups driver for hll2340d model. peer-to-peer digital currency, official binary release (includes litecoin-qt and litecoind) sound theme for linux desktop made by japanimation voice actor 'tange sakura' and opensourcesoftwarechannel. this is made for cheering libreoffice devel::ptkdb - perl debugger using a tk gui hackable text editor for the 21st century, built using web technologies on the electron framework - beta channel. tool to query symbols from rust code for use in ides top-down terminal for gnome a command line tool to manipulate the multicast routes of a unix kernel. it supports both ipv4 and ipv6 multicast routing. gobject wrapper for maxmind's geoip c api help to diagnose shutdown sequence for systemd themes for uniform look and feel throughout liri os openvpn auth via ldap/ad plugin. rfc2307 support. topic modeling with latent dirichlet allocation cowsay reimplementation for ponies. a replacement for i3status written in python 3 with support for huge customisability through plugins welsh language pack for firefox beta jwm is a light-weight window manager for the x11 window system. git version. a tiny pythonic visitor implementation. vim plugin to view the reference. spi ca root certificate kobo desktop for linux perl interface to the 3.x series of the gtk toolkit continuous beam analysis - calculates member forces and support reactions of a continuous beam provides access to weather information from the internet (gtk3 version) library for encoding h264/avc video streams (older version) a flash card based learning tool using shortterm and longterm memory training (no active development) mega model optimization package documentation generator for php ros - rospy is a pure python client library for ros. python bindings for iptables gnu make utility to maintain groups of programs a trimmed down install of the gnu image manipulation program c binding for the gtkspell library persistent dict in python, backed up by sqlite3 and pickle, multithread-safe fortune quotes from supernatural (u.s. tv series) safely parse /etc/hosts from someone who cares. pure-python library for interacting with yubikeys a flat theme that uses varying shades and tones to create distinction and a modern experience. various extra foils for mse. this one is the christmas lights object gradient by art_freak. perl application programming toolkit add version_id to /etc/os-release mopidy extension for alsa volume control language packs for psi (qt 5.x build) twain data source manager the cinnamon session handler an urxvt plugin allowing user to easily complete words spotify helios - docker container orchestration platform portable module to access network interface information in python 3 build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) encoder, decoder, and lint/validator for json (javascript object notation) compliant with rfc 4627 json manipulation in c including reading, writing and validation quakelive launcher c library and qml plugin initiate a persistent database connection firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - icelandic create quick and dirty oauth2 clients. a new classic, this is a bold, modern, geometric sans-serif font that has no problem kicking its enemies in the chest. queries the x resource database parse, manipulate and lookup ip network blocks. a beets plugin that moves non-music files during the import process. the command-line interface to wikidata latex frontpage with university of copenhagen logo a monospaced sans-serif typeface by apple inc. python library for generating dictd dictionaries java cpu and memory profiler. (early access program) utilities and scripts for suspend and hibernate power management microsoft azure storage explorer (preview) is a standalone app from microsoft that allows you to easily work with azure storage data on windows, macos and linux. software designed for monitoring availability and performance of it infrastructure components the ion shell. compatible with redox and linux. some latex macros for uml sequence diagrams a document based interface for the computer algebra system maxima. a script in order to run chromium in fullscreen mode under the chromium user a fast photo browser, written in python using efl accelerator for npm, the node.js package manager perl compiler's c backend an interactive visualization tool targeted at multispectral and hyperspectral image data foxyproxy is an advanced proxy management tool that completely replaces firefox's limited proxying capabilities. msp430 debug stack. contains a dynamic link library as well as embedded firmware that runs on the msp-fet430uif or the ez430 emulators. a rabbitmq(amqp) library written in c-language interactively prompt for user input connects to electrum server via stratum protocol and allows querying bitcoin wallet balances and other commands supported by the server audio effect processor and spectrum analyzer syntax extension for writing in-line benchmarks in ocaml code mipsel-linux gnu (cross) compiler collection a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files. 'ld' is patched for using with ghc, see http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/glasgow-haskell-users/2010-april/018722.html . virtual piano instrument using physical modelling synthesis. both standalone and plugin versions. sleep with a progressbar (git version) driver for the brother dcp-j140w wifi multifuncional printer a simple app that provides django integration for rq (redis queue) ros - metapackage referencing tutorials related to rviz and visualization. multi-purpose console music emulator and player library (a.k.a. libgme) (kode54's fork) whatsapp web for desktop simple and lightweight gtk calendar with lunar calendar patch a cross-platform application and ui framework (development tools, qthelp; apple-darwin) send email in one command: pony.mail(:to => 'someone@example.com', :body => 'hello') open source computer vision library docs an extremely small packet sniffer. a comprehensive python interface to the mcrypt library, which is a library providing a uniform interface to several symmetric encryption algorithms. high performance multihash brute forcer with cuda support set of mysql bindings for python with real parameterization and real server-side cursors. read multiple performance data formats and produce graphs either interactively or in batch mode. a diff/patch pair for json-serialized data structures top-like app for monitoring postgresql backends (previously known as ptop) software for monitoring of your applications, network and servers. ocaml interface to opengl framework for sensor-based natural interaction (git version) not a fancy file manager, a mouseless ncurses file manager written in c. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-9010cn adminer skins a simple 2d soccer game gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugins, gl plugin only for webkit2gtk bacula - a network backup tool (storage daemon) bulgarian hyphenation rules microsoft azure command-line tools component command module an improved dynamic tiling window manager (with kde patches) adwaita-x dark and light theme pack (gtk3, gtk2, mutter, metacity, xfwm4) a ssh autoban for fast and slow brute force attack android sdk sources, api-24 a simple-minded way of managing window configs in emacs systemd service and user to run steam stand-alone in big picture mode math::geometry::voronoi - compute voronoi diagrams from sets of points a virtual network service for openstack - cisco plugin standalone password candidate generator using the prince algorithm. a set of c classes that provide a common api for realtime audio input/output. provides insert mode auto-completion for quotes, parens, brackets, etc a c library intended for use on embedded systems (mips64-elf) boot multiple live linux distros from a usb flash drive. free fonts with support for persian, arabic, urdu, pashto, dari, uzbek, kurdish, uighur, old turkish (ottoman) and modern turkish (roman). a collection of plugins extending the kde graphics and image applications as digikam xavs is to implement high quality encoder and decoder of the audio video standard of china (avs). the latest version of gluon scene builder for java 9, it was released on sep 26, 2017. cross-platform gui for the tarsnap backup service. replacement for urlview with html context and other improvements. aur-related modules and helper utilities (aurploader, aurquery, aurtomatic). server of an open source sandbox game inspired by minecraft the pebble tool that goes with libpebble2 plugin for vapoursynth: tdeintmod (git version) ground control station for mavlink based autopilots (e.g. ardupilot) utilities to libdmtx a poe-based parser for the irc protocol just a command runner, like make. a light-and-dark, and dark-and-darker set of themes. python cross-version byte-code disassembler and marshal routines. program to use the microchip pickit 2 has as a logic analyzer and i/o probe ros - roslaunch is a tool for easily launching multiple ros nodes locally and remotely via ssh, as well as setting parameters on the parameter server. kde control panel and widget network connections tool to maintain a picture archive. images are checked and a checksum is calculated for later checks. measure the bandwidth between two hosts using the icmp protocol without the need of a client/server architecture crystalline and molecular structure visualisation program make html5 dom trees less insane bootsplash program able to render in framebuffer, or x11 (enlightenmen17 component) json for humans, allows comments and is less error prone. a portable library for ssa/ass subtitles rendering (mingw-w64) a session management system for jack and alsa (32-bit) serialize and deserialize open sound control messages go versioning packager a linux kernel module that enables calls to acpi methods through /proc/acpi/call opengrm tool for making n-gram language models as weighted finite-state transducers an open-source implementation of the red alert engine using .net/mono and opengl. duneii and red alert 2, mods included. -git version utility to losslessly imprint date/time of a picture taken in a digital camera into its jpeg image visual inline-style difference engine with block move support a terminal multiplexer (patched with support for fullwidth backspace) ros - qt_gui_cpp provides the foundation for c-bindings for qt_gui and creates bindings for every generator available. shogun - a large scale machine learning toolbox with the python interface light version of the midishare library (git version) a highly hand optimized c poker hand evaluation tool a lightweight (~5kloc) kvm-based virtual machine which can host linux guests only generates python code for classes that correspond to data structures defined by xmlschema an open source real-time animation software human friendly output for text interfaces using python ros - turtle_tf demonstrates how to write a tf broadcaster and listener with the turtlesim. tools to manipulate font sources. http user agent parser python3 wrapper for the nvd3 chart generator fortran runtime libraries shipped by gcc6 highly quixotic capcom qsound (qsf) emulator library flat, animate and gray theme gtk18 by mephist helu. a tool for algorithmic differentiation (ad) and taylor polynomial approximations. click command line utilities an extensible lyrics fetcher, with daemon support for cmus and mocp. automated linting of cascading stylesheets a simple space shooter with a plot twist - control buttons keep being changed. script to remove disk space wasted for unneeded localizations. gui config tool for fcitx-rime ambient noise player. relax or concentrate with a noise xep-0313: message archive management regularised likelihood optimisation: employs an empirical bayesian approach to refinement of 3d reconstructions or 2d class averages in electron cryo-microscopy create arch linux packages from cabal packages. decentralized and open source cryptocurrency command line tool for working with openstreetmap data based on the osmium library python binding for knp and juman bundle library of emoji4unicode at google a large collection of general purpose libraries and modules maintained and offered in both source and object code form on the cern central computers. http/rest api client library. qt-based irc client (monolithic version) a highly configurable toolkit for training 3d/2d cnns and general neural networks lisp dialect for the jvm (development version) a console-based program to handle mta (postfix,exim) queues interactively additional plugins for musicbrainz picard applications useful for plasma development (with debug build of plasmoidviewer) a network performance tool that supports modelling and replay of various networking patterns erlang http client ruby script for manual tiling and window placement. ros - the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl) defines a tree structure to represent the kinematic and dynamic parameters of a robot mechanism. cartoon-style multiplayer first-person shooter a tool for creating multiple-choice interactive stories an easy-to-use, distributed, user load testing tool. a simple arm/x86(_64) c compiler. mpeg1 layer 1/2/3 (mp3), mpeg 2 and mpeg 2.5 audio file editor able to split file without quality degradation a simple color selection dialog in gtk3. git version. measure and display the rate of data across a network connection or data being stored in a file webapp for zarafa certificate and connection files for connecting to overplay vpn servers using openvpn plugin for vapoursynth: retinex (git version) meta package that installs or additional cars for racer, the free simulator. non-cg version (for older video cards) a configuration editing tool that parses config files and transforms them into a tree (git checkout) latest tencent tim (com.qq.office) on deepin wine for archlinux a linux program to create windows usb stick installer from a real windows dvd or an image a midi/audio sequencer with recording and editing capabilities a free software data analysis and visualization application a simple restful api client written in gtk 3. ccid driver for hid global omnikey cardman smartcard reader series daemon for exposing legacy alsa sequencer applications in jack midi system. open x-mine:// urls in rubymine. this is a zhengma table engine for ibus table. python client library for core api. http://core-api.github.io/python-client/ retrieve news from nntp and deliver them to one or more destinations as regular electronic mail messages an entertaining, action-packed game of strategy, tactics, and skill. measure and display the rate of data across a network connection or data being stored in a file cpp-netlib uri control your logitech mx 5500 keyboard over hidraw. the mirbsd korn shell - an enhanced version of the public domain ksh (static build, linked with musl; development version) i386 at&t syntax assembly language syntax highlight support in gtksourceview3 for gedit 3 and others a standalone application to see what is playing in your favourite music player (this is the development release) login to vut wifi network shows and sets mapping between consoles and framebuffer devices links in /usr/bin to the prebuilt binaries bundled with rstudio command line tool for amazon route 53 stellar data set for starplot from third catalogue of nearby stars, gliese, 1991. an analog-style (vcos-vcf-vca) synth plugin for dssi catch and manage podcasts from the terminal a generic usb chip/smart card interface devices driver (git version) forged alliance forever - shared library data analysis for 10x genomics sequencing libraries. lightweight raster gis viewer and attribute table writer a python3 content-disposition header support (rfc6266) python 3.x for libnetfilter_queue. this is a tcl script for unpacking bitrock packed archives openglcontext is a learning environment for pyopengl. milonga is a font inspired on “tangueros” art, from pablo impallari a very simple weather indicator instant ajax web front-end for dbix::class simple, personal openid provider written in php make x11 bdf fonts bold and/or italic python module to access dmi data a git repository viewer based on gtk - git checkout asynchronous bdd & continuous integration for node.js. the perl 6 'is export(...)' trait as a perl 5 attribute pyefl d-bus inspector unofficial trello desktop app pc engine core plymouth-lite patched and ready for raspberry pi a script to install the correct device specific conf files for the xf86-input-cmt driver vim syntax support for lolcode copy/paste detector (cpd) for php code. bash client for tldr: community driven man-by-example. redshift-gtk rewrite with c/qt a perl stream editor. ssh key helper binary from github.com/coreos/update-ssh-keys ros - contains scripts used by the rosboost-cfg tool for determining cflags/lflags/etc. a small easy-to-use paint program for the gnome desktop ros - tf is a package that lets the user keep track of multiple coordinate frames over time. babeltrace python bindings secure file, disk, swap, memory erasure utilities profile your catalyst application with devel::nytprof i2p bindings for twisted a keyboard-driven, vim-like browser based on pyqt5 applet for managing network connections, with appindicator human-friendly hsl feedly theme for tiny tiny rss advanced open-source platform for developing, testing, and using exploit code graphical software configuration tool for stm32 microcontrollers that allows generating c initialization code dynagen is a front-end for use with the dynamips cisco router emulator. tkcon is an enhanced interactive console for developing in tcl. some cool stuff for awesome wm safir sdk core is a middleware and platform for creation of distributed soft real-time systems. it is scalable, reliable, portable, and last but not least, it is open! advanced filesystem cron based on fanotify perl extension for calculating gradients for colour transitions, etc. mono bindings for gnome-vfs varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko generate sql from perl data structures ros - interface for using ros with the gazebo simulator. generate html5 slideshow from markdown or restructuredtext sources epson printer driver (me-10, me-100) ros - components of moveit used for manipulation. tools to support python development rsa securid-compatible software token for linux/unix systems a clean & lean mercurial web theme an action rpg dungeon crawler a qt 5 port for putty, the free telnet/ssh client an educational tool for designing and simulating digital logic circuits a fast paced jump'n'run (part iii - 'adventure for love') self hosted git service in the go programming language. this is the current git version from branch develop. minimap for emacs tracer for postfix sasl issues a 'dogpile' lock, typically used as a component of a larger caching solution webapp for zarafa a python module for reading and writing xmltv files (python2 version) a publishing system for the internet in which great importance is attached to collaborative working, to multilingual environments, and to simplicity of use for web authors. font family based on the bitstream vera fonts with a wider range of characters. re-packed for infinality-bundle-fonts. truetype version. simple webkit2gtk browser driver & daemon for support iscsi in scst doom3 mod inspired by the classic "ultimate doom" simple vkontakte console messanger pureftpd connectivity plugin a terminal user interface for kerbal space program via the telemachus mod. a simple, lightweight tool for sniping ebay auctions. management plugin for webservice oranchelo is a flat-design icon theme for xfce4 based on super flat remix and inspired by "corny icons" by patryk goworowski. devtools proxy (webkit remote debugging) for ios devices (safari remote web inspector) networkmanager gui connection editor and widgets calendar widget for tkinter a collection of simple utilities. programmatically create pdf files using lua. an intelligent hybrid text/graphical shell for developers and system administrators posix 1003.1e capabilities (x32 abi) a feature rich high level audio library. plugin for vapoursynth: f3kdb (git version) an rss/atom feed reader app for owncloud interactive bash-script to control your philips hue lights. library and tools to support qemu copy-on-write image format (qcow, qcow2), including a fuse-based mount utility perl6 implementation of mustache templates is typically used to manage process configuration port of webkit to fltk 1.3 a documentation system for c, c, java, idl and php - git version x display manager utility that gets the installed size of pacman packages. ros - rqt_gui_py enables gui plugins to use the python client library for ros. rauc controls the update process on embedded linux systems. it is both a target application that runs as an update client and a host/target tool that allows you to create, inspect and modify installation artifacts. visualon adaptive multi rate wideband (amr-wb) encoder the 9p protocol implementation for fuse from plan9 port a yaml parser for python a fork of dungeon crawl stone soup roguelike with old races recovered graphical program used to map keyboard keys and mouse controls to gamepad buttons ros - this package contains a c parser for the collada robot description format. jinja2 adapter for django removes the dropdown arrows from the appmenu and systemmenu python module for communicating with labjack devices plugin for teamspeak 3. easy to use soundboard a gis editor for .gpx .gdb and download maps source sail design and plotting software convert between toml, yaml and json kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-up kernel a software library for rapid development of hardware-accelerated multitouch applications. highly theoretical sega saturn and dreamcast sound format (ssf and dsf) emulator library an open source implementation and desktop client of the threema messenger app. tflearn is a modular and transparent deep learning library built on top of tensorflow. easy key-value storage via git custom set of plugins for apache jmeter. ldap support (via ptloader) for cyrus imap mail server a library which implements the client vnc protocol to control vnc servers. the open-source framework for building expressive web and mobile applications firefox hardening stuff a parser/generator of icalendar files (rfc 2445) preprocessor macros and functions for c99. google drive api made easy. a command line utility that displays the status of internet game servers a xml parser for ada95 firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - armenian java-based text (ocr) recognizer none implementation of magic the gathering that lets you play against a computer ai a general-purpose utility for analyzing word boundaries in thai text and inserting predefined word delimiter codes docker composition tool with idempotency features for deploying apps composed of multiple containers remote control (console-oriented) through bluetooth or ir connection adds pulseaudio support to the flash browser plugin helper routines for using sub::exporter to build methods caja extensions common files (gtk3 version) environment modules system based on lua, supports legacy tcl modules gtk application to display tor circuits and streams escape goat is a puzzle platformer about a goat plugin for finding likely bugs and design problems in your code. pacman vcs version checker a simple battery status and information tool for linux systems. system tray icon indicating the state of local linux software (md) raid by checking /proc/mdstat periodically a spanish mexican male voice for the mbrola synthesizer maia artwork meta-package minor mode providing support for zen coding, with emmet's feature expansion. tool for devolo dlan-adapter the gnome terminal emulator with csd support freedesktop.org message bus system hungarian language pack for firefox beta model-based unsupervised and supervised classification functional tray icon for keepass2 enable userspace control of cypress usb-serial bridge devices entropipes is a puzzle type game. simply connect all pipes a massively parallel lossless data compressor based on the lzlib compression library extutils::makemaker::cpanfile - cpanfile support for eumm terminal think music scheme-like s-expression language that translates to c ascii-art demo that uses aalib opengl hardware capability viewer a tool to synchronize files between a pc and an android device using the adb a web server based on nginx and has many advanced features, originated by taobao. fast and customizable dockbar. desktime client for linux (beta) the python-msp430-tools are a collection of tools related to the msp430 embedded processor. amd opencl library and icd loader open robot control software is a tool to create real-time robotics applications using modular, run-time configurable software components (real-time toolkit) a simple implementation of the classic 'bulls and cows' game written in python meet rosangela blackwell, an embittered writer who just found out that she is a medium and that it’s her mission. dvblast is a simple and powerful mpeg-2/ts demux and streaming application. med stands for modelisation et echanges de donnees, i.e. data modelization and exchanges - med is code-aster exchange module linked to hdf5 system daemon for managing color devices, without polkit, logind and bach-completion dependancy. kanji stroke order font provides a node.js based api for running sql queries against carto basic library to calculate panoramical pictures - core functions of the panotools fullscreen kiosk application that rotating over a set of html pages vte based, highly customizable terminal emulator an (almost) complete implementation of iso standard 13751 a collection of c libraries for the game of go various utility functions, new data types and helpers for sqlalchemy. library and tools for the musicxml format (git version) openstack glance backend store-drivers library lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j5620dw printer tensors and dynamic neural networks in python with strong gpu acceleration air traffic control theme pack for xde a program for nonlinear fitting of analytical functions to data. tomoyo linux 1.8.x module for the linux kernel thesubdb.com client for download subtiltes terminal screen size detection which works on linux, os x and windows/cygwin platforms and supports mri, jruby and rubinius interpreters. converts irc log files to html with pretty colours. beneath a steel sky enhanced soundtrack for scummvm bundle to optimize the behaviour of cpan.pm formatted c11/14 stdlib man pages (cppreference) a lightweight network intrusion detection system. alarm clock to schedule your tasks yet another graphics engine a btrfs snapshot manager customized gnome shell theme featuring cleanliness and no outlines. based on vanilla arc dark theme networkmanager vpn plugin for openconnect - multiprotocol version turn ssh into a thin client specifically for your app vim script for text filtering and alignment a scalable video reflector, designed to be used with vlc. plugin for firefox that allows you to colorize all websites to your own preferences. converts plain text files to morse code formatted as mp3 or ogg - gui common utilities for leap python modules. gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugins (gst-plugins-bad) all-in-one software for remote support and online meetings - beta version trained language data for tesseract ocr engine qt4 module for topmenu. store and restore metadata from a filesystem. service discovery for linux using mdns/dns-sd -- compatible with bonjour create compact hash digests of r objects virtualbox guest kernel modules sources nvidia driver library symlinks for 'nvidia-utils-full-beta' conversion tools for the suckless image format quickly and easily parallelize python functions using ipython on a cluster an emule-like client for the ed2k and kademlia p2p networks (remote gui only, development version) an xdm chooser writen in gtk2-perl. super s3 command line tool (git) for python 3 zipfile generator (gns3) arc theme for yakuake an iax and sip voip softphone ros - tutorial showing how to compile your own c program with rviz displays and features. a desktop notification based app that keeps you focused by notifying you of what you should be doing combines the power of django and tornado for real-time web applications ros - introduces a compile time concept checking mechanism that can be used most commonly to check for required functionality when passing template arguments. constant::defer -- constant subs with deferred value calculation system settings d-bus service for openrc a top-like, ncurses-based utility to analyze trace information produced by lttng no line insertion and does package version with our an icon theme with emphasis on clarity, colorfulness and flatness xstatic-hogan extension for dbi to log via log::log4perl simple two way ordered dictionary for python secure ruby database/ storage container for sensitive local user data a clone of the old dos game hexxagon, with enhanced features and strong ai harmony iwad (game data) plugins for vapoursynth : nnedi3_rpow2, eedi3_rpow2 and eedi2_rpow2 a lightweight command line smtp email client written in perl a reference desktop client for the google authenticator format conversion, manipulation, and math operations on colours realm of the diggle gods: dlc expansion for dungeons of dredmor python binding for rtimulib, a versatile imu library. documentation generator tool for lua source code alps core libraries for numerical simulations of condensed matter systems. a collection of extra utilities based on rdflib red hat's liberation sans narrow ros - this contains cvbridge, which converts between ros image messages and opencv images. scripts for scheduling and performing system updates with pacman using systemd's system update mechanism ros - rqt_robot_steering provides a gui plugin for steering a robot using twist messages. utilities for bitcoin and altcoin addresses and transaction manipulation a mps-based application to create and edit workflows for youtrack. a python implementation of the token validation of google translate. extension packages (sandboxes and modules) for the lua_sandbox project a library for (de)serialization of ascii plists. this is a command-line tool that takes a regular screenshot using either png, jpg, or a video capture using mp4, webm, apng and uploads it to utils.rarity.network extract delimited text sequences from strings library that find out the minimum version and the extensions required for a piece of code to run. norwegian (bokmal) language pack for seamonkey a classic shooter created using the wolfenstein 3d engine. zypp bindings for scripting languages (ex) simple terminal (opengl edition!) open source implementation of smpte and the mxf interop sound & picture track file format. the gnu compiler collection (arm-frc-linux-gnueabi) droid sans mono for powerline dummy package to fix dependency resolution with aur helpers a midi file player that teaches you how to play the piano hell is an experiment you can't survive in outlast. display or change attributes on a fat filesystem a collection of free fonts including helvetica, futura and gotham (ephifonts.com) a lightweight xcb based bar with ported xft support. bonuspack 1: the epic pack for unreal tournament. python package for numerical calculations on tight-binding models with a strong focus on quantum transport twitch chat client for desktop a touchosc midi bridge for pd, purr-data version time-series data visualization tool for influxdb provides conversion in both directions between utf-8 and many 7-bit ascii equivalents guarani language pack for firefox beta gnu privacy guard - a pgp replacement tool a plugin for gkrellm2 to control basic functions of xmms2 ros - provides nodes to assemble point clouds from either laserscan or pointcloud messages. a tiling terminal emulator for linux using gtk 3 a thin library that provides hardware graphics acceleration, input device handling and abstraction, integrated windowing system on top of the linux framebuffer device (32-bit) simple python api for creating amazon echo skills next generation secure network tunnel - git checkout unlock kwallet using pam ros - messages relating to the ros computation graph. perl module interface to rsync(1) http://rsync.samba.org/rsync/ a set of broken cas' certificates which should not be trusted (startcom only) implementation of rsa, using the padding schemes of pkcs#1 v2.1. ruby and rails ide with the full stack of essential developer tools (eap) simple cross-plaform colored terminal text in python 2 the world's most popular development platform for creating 2d and 3d multiplatform games and interactive experiences. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine kde cdemu manager is a simple frontend for cdemu.kf5 version a qt application which provides access to your zotero references a cool desktop panel for kde plasma 5 an open source cross-platform drum plugin and stand-alone application (lv2) git command is an improvement from git-submodule and git-subtree. multiple precision floating point (mpfr) arithmetic library for c plasmoid for checking unreaded e-mails. fluxbox port of the popular gtk theme a dock app that draws fireworks, which go up and explode ros - cmake lint commands for ros packages. convert filenames inside zip archives from autodetected older russian encodings (koi8-r, koi8-u, cp866, windows-1251) to utf-8 ultimate vim plugin manager inspired by vundle command line tools to render html into pdf and various image formats doom: the rogue-like (git-latest) (wip!). finds the simplest way to do something in a unix shell. it's like man, but you can query it in natural language: library and utilities to read data from some hid temper usb temperature and humidity sensors xsettingsd is a daemon that implements the xsettings specification. mixcloud integration for nuvola player 3 from github ros - this metapackage depends on the smach library and ros smach integration packages. a simple cli google translator (command-line). bindings for scrypt proof of work used by litecoin canon ij printer driver (common package) a meta-package that installs all dependencies for particle photon / electron dev. neatroff's postscript postprocessor varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko the popular "rockyou" password list from owasp seclists project use a dropbox (shared) folder as a true git remote camfr (cavity modelling framework) is a fast, flexible, friendly full-vectorial maxwell solver. a set of lv2 plugins to mangle, slash, repeat and do much more with your beats. project interaction library for emacs library to identify wacom tablets and their features (32-bit) mkinitcpio hook to show some message on boot open source web based photo album organizer. python library for communicating with keepkey hardware wallet a fast, minimalist, and remarkably extensible cross-platform text editor colored stream handler for the logging module a python library that is used for reading and writing kickstart files - python 3.x pkg a simple set of building blocks for both unit and runtime testing the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lalpulsar unigine benchmark python bindings for networking with rf24 radio modules a qt based application for the digital bitbox hardware wallet. amd accelerated parallel processing (app) sdk, 3.0 with opencl 2.0 support. opencvutils and opencv samples provide lvm2 hook compatible with older kernels client server backup system a slender monospace typeface. shape: default. library containing computational chemistry facility of ghemical c library for reading and writing mp4/m4a/aac (itunes), id3, vorbis, opus, flac and matroska tags low level virtual machine (runtime library) background images and logos for oz unity a simple and fast discriminative sequence labelling toolkit frontend for flightgear. client software that supports various hardware logic analyzers, cli client iscan plugin for epson colorio gt-x820 perfection v600 photo scanners rvm is a command-line tool which allows you to easily install, manage, and work with multiple ruby environments from interpreters to sets of gems. vollkorn typeface by friedrich althausen. truetype version. a screensaver that realize the collective dream of sleeping computers from all over the internet a small application to browse icon themes available in qt colibri core is a set of command-line tools as well as a c library (with python binding) for nlp. it enables you to work with basic linguistic constructions such as n-grams and skipgrams in a quick and memory-efficient way. converts perl xs code into c code epson printer driver (px-436a) perform geographical queries using google maps user-space filesystem for telegram attachments a genomic mapping and alignment program for mrna and est sequences, and genomic short-read nucleotide alignment program python library for working with the puppetdb api (python 2 version) a simple email archiver written in perl ros - tools and utilities for ecl development. google hosts and blocking ads hosts.用于科学上网和屏蔽广告的hosts. an acoustic spectrum analyser. tool to vote for your favorite aur packages (development version) udev rules for setting backlight pwm frequency on intel hd graphics a solution to manage and supervise virtual machines. (agent) an elegant library for representing and comparing semver versions and constraints setuptools plugin for bzr ros - tutorial showing how to compile your own c program with rviz displays and features. x11 core wire protocol and auxiliary headers (mingw-w64) ros - time and duration implementations for c libraries, including roscpp. oracle java 10 development kit snapshot support pkg-config script (psp) ich9 spi flash descriptor generator brother hl-2280dw cups driver provides username autocompletion with @ openoffice.org spreadsheet scripting library. patched for python 3. cint is an interpreter for c and c code perl6 style junction operators in perl5 machine learning python (mlpy) is a high-performance python package for predictive modeling. qt declarative is provided for qt 4 compatibility a free, portable, extendable, high-performance executable packer for several executable formats a tool for creating scientific 2-dimensional graphs backend for cups - count correct pages and administration yeoman generator for reactjs with webpack collection of vulkan shaders for libretro security and system auditing tool to harden unix/linux systems a simple, flexible static site generator written in ruby. a library for large linear classification (multi-core) mstch is a complete implementation of {{mustache}} templates using modern c ros - a path planner library and node. a free bibliographic manager for gnu/linux modeling and analysis suite for real-time applications power spectrum for rtlsdr dongles meilix system lock a small tool to manage steam family sharing python bindings for notmuch plugin for vapoursynth: yadifmod (git version) utility functions for checking references a simple, lightweight, gtk3 based desktop environment create huge, rasterized images from any picture. a system activity reporter of apache httpd regular expression library for lua - gnu version open source h.264 codec real-time lpc analysis  synthesis  visualization: jack version distrho vst audio plugins ports. an ssh2 extension for php free music instrument tuner ocaml library for options 389 directory server (base) the ultimate statusline/prompt utility advanced plugin and service introspection (mingw-w64) a motif widget set containing the xbaematrix, xbaecaption, and xbaeinput extensions recursive map, apply a block to a data structure. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a program that generates images from written instructions called a grammar. legacy v2. support for unit conversion (mingw-w64) a sans-serif style high quality cjk outline font. this is a nightly-build version. shuffle or unshuffle bytes in a file dhcpv4/dhcpv6 server postgresql modules for php minecraft server unit files, script, and jar iso aac audio decoder (32 bit) send rtp rfc 3119 mp3 streams vpnc with juniper patchset upload your files to your mega account from dolphin file manager. (git version) lv2 drum synthersizer without sampling shell scripts for decompiling and analyzing binary files through the retdec.com decompilation service by using their public rest api component construction library for equinox desktop environment acm sig proceedings format style for latex (acm_proc_article-sp and sig-alternate) rackspace auth plugin for openstack clients. date & time indicator for wingpanel multithreaded video transcoder (unmaintaned - use handbrake or ffmpeg instead) qml(qt markup language file) thumbnailer plugin for kde 4.x. tool for creating password hashes suitable for /etc/shadow a linux labeling program for brother p-touch series rhythmbox plugin to stream music from ampache red - a fully customizable discord bot a webp loader for imlib2. enables webp support for every application that uses the imlib2 library. zen coding plugin for geany modifies a binary edid file and disables edid extensions and updates the checksum a cli-webserver free, open source launcher and instance manager for minecraft. precision testing for modern perl truetype font that includes the symbols used by some vdr plugins and patches a simple p2p client that is compatible with the bittorrent protocol a frontend for qpm, to provide source and build caching python package used to construct, manipulate, and perform computations on triangulated surfaces a stand-alone clojurescript repl python binding of libapt-pkg an implementation of the livereload server in node.js creates vanity gpg keys and .onion addresses using opencl. patricia trie perl module for fast ip address lookups 2d top-down action video game (gog.com version) several tools for moving window statistics, gif, base64, roc auc, etc lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server (x32 abi) truetype font rendering library with infinality patches and custom settings by bohoomil (32-bit, infinality-bundle). a gtk3 4chan client for the linux desktop firefox extension that simplifies the access to your most visited websites python module for generating finnish reference numbers the open source modelica suite - openmodelica connection editor btrfs extent deduplication utility easy to use html::tokeparser interface remote python call (rpyc), a transparent and symmetric rpc library alternate xfce menu plan your next outdoor trip lz4 filter for the hdf5 data format a c library implementing linq operators similar to .net's an rss/atom feed reader an open-source web application for processing, logging and visualising energy, temperature and other environmental data toxygen is cross-platform tox client written in python3 lzo compression for php pulse-eight's libcec for the pulse-eight usb-cec adapter visual diff and merge tool (last gtk2 version) a cross platform front-end gui of the popular youtube-dl written in wxpython a table formatter class with support for a variety of outputs. tools for parsing and generating xml within r and s-plus a generic and open source processor emulator which achieves a good emulation speed by using dynamic translation, statically linked. a daemon to help balance the cpu load generated by interrupts across all of a systems cpus dvb channel selector for mplayer. hpe myroom a collaborative conferencing meetings software an open source vector graphics editor, using scalable vector graphics (svg) file format, from git branch 0.92.x libnexus provides functionality for loading/saving the nexus file format for scientific data a free and open source svg icon theme for linux, based on paper icon set and papirus. simple command-line implementation of shamir's secret sharing scheme python imap4rev1 mail protocol client class using threads for parallel operation. integrates dspam into dovecot imap server. git version for dovecot >= 2.1 gather your arch linux packages in groups to simplify their management. gnomemud is an advanced mud client for gnome texture processing tools with support for direct3d 10 and 11 formats binding of the gumbo c library, a html parser lib xml parsing library written in vala converter used by sam2p if available state of the art c pseudo-random number generator library for sequential and parallel monte carlo simulations apachetop is a curses-based top-like display for apache information, including requests per second, bytes per second, most popular urls, etc. seamlessly fir convolving audio file fuse filesystem with gapless support the qtools package contains utilities for use with qmail, typically as part of .qmail command processing experimental physics and industrial control system the netcat for bluetooth! contextual tests that the harness can ignore standalone jack vocoder hybris 3-d wayland library xsl module for php find differences between pdf documents command-line program for searching and downloading the right subtitles for movies perl wrappers for the gnome print utilities. front-end electron application for talking with the openbazaar daemon (latest devel version) libretro port of the kai fork of neko project 2 (a pc-98 emulator) mathematical platform with a c like syntax, console interface ddracenetwork, a mod of teeworlds ansigenome is a command line tool designed to help you manage your ansible roles an easy to use desktop tool to quickly create and destroy ssh tunnels and launch commands based on a preconfigured setup. utility that allows for the in-place rewrite of a file's contents daemon that listens on events (e.g. xrandr or pulseaudio) and executes user-defined actions on certain events comprehensive design and management interface for postgresql (lts by bigsql) very early and completely broken ancestor of the real-time strategy game unknown horizons. git version. an object-oriented programming language designed for researchers, experimenters, and engineers interested in large-scale numerical and graphic applications. qt 5 for android a curses-based mpd client written in python. perl/cpan module webservice::ils: standardised library discovery/circulation services aporia is an ide for the nim programming language hp command line smart storage administrator joystick to alsa midi sequencer converter a vim front-end to the gdb and pdb debuggers mozc the japanese input method with mozc ut2 dictionary (additional dictionary) and uim-mozc (optional) ipx userspace tools a java servlet for streaming jpeg's from ip cameras. wing ide professional is the full-featured python ide for professional programmers. a simple gif screen recorder semi-legacy 3d interface to explore the globe, terrain, streets, buildings and other planets automatically generate a sitemap.xml for your jekyll site. piranha is a c11-based computer algebra library for the manipulation of algebraic objects, such as polynomials and poisson series, commonly encountered in celestial mechanics. gui client (wallet) for curecoin cryptocurrency low-level communication layer for praw 4. spot is a c11 library for omega automata manipulation and model checking. a free online multiplayer real-time roguelike game, derived from the single player game angband (ncurses-only) updates the toggle button icon depending on what mpd is doing dynamic options to evaluate at runtime. simple daemon for monitoring changes in files nlopt interface for roboptim core. sets up zram-based swap devices on boot fast pattern replacement utility, grep style kernel headers for the zettabyte file system. a player for somafm.com radio channels written in qt5/c ncurses user interface for canto-daemon helps you remember facts (like words/phrases in a foreign language) efficiently sdl2 source port for catacomb ii / the catacomb crypto interface web browser plugin for https://gosuslugi.ru kernel driver for the piuio arcade input device (with dkms) a breeze skin for yakuake (kde4) tools for ticcl: a spelling normalisation engine video player based on mplayer/mplayer2 (git version) bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - python plugin for storage daemon lazy base64 encoding and decoding routines a library for downloading (streaming) media files implements drivers for several smart card readers a puzzle game which goal is to reduce a 3d shape to a single square. elimination of squares is done by flipping edges around just like in a cardboard box. ros - this encapsulates the gl dependency for a specific ros distribution and its qt version. a dead simple build system based on ninja psv file trimmer, restoration, and validation utility (python). (git version) stream movies from torrents. skip the downloads. launch, click, watch. spawns a subprocess with an optional timeout. the average font, serif version. this package provides loadable linux kernel module loop that has aes,twofish,blowfish,serpent cipher built-in. ros - tf2_bullet. python wrapper for ssdeep fuzzy hashing library xcb-based python bindings for the x window system cppdb is an sql connectivity library that is designed to provide platform and database independent connectivity api. a matroska/mkv repair engine gawk extension - interface to libpq from postgresql calculates magnetic variation/declination for any latitude, longitude, altitude, and date using wmm2010. patched for altitude in meters and setup fixes quantum computation language easily rename multiple files using your text editor python hpgl parsing library dvorak7min is a simple ncurses-based typing tutor for those trying to become fluent with the dvorak keyboard layout allows you to securely access your computer over the internet through chrome. python bindings for the lzo data compression library service discovery and orchestration crystallographic tools for rietveld, profile matching & integrated intensity refinements of x-ray and/or neutron data. validates and outputs cleaned-up html. simple callback-based http request/response parser an ftp-like command-line interface to dropbox ratelim is a simple python 3 library that limits the number of times a function can be called during a time interval. it is particularly useful when using online apis, which commonly enforce rate limits. generic python bufr file reader based on ecmwf bufr library x desktop environment c-language tools header files and scripts for building modules for linux-pf kernel. a hack that injects wayland-wall into wlc based compositors. znc mailnotify is a module for znc that will send notifications to a specified mailbox fast and correct utf-8 io advanced reporting engine that generates professional reports in pdf, html, csv, and text formats from a simple xml definition language. strategy game - simulation of true ai, git version fan control daemon for macbook a tcl script for backups from one btrfs filesystem to another using snapshots perl/cpan module biblio::endnotestyle: reference formatting using endnote-like templates ros - diagnostic_aggregator. a free, fast and accurate c/c routine to compute the position of the sun a script and python module to compare version numbers. use this to compare the version strings of packages, modules, really anything. software from physionet for viewing, analyzing, and creating recordings of physiologic signals view and customize ascii art included /etc/issue files mod based on visual flatunity but improved. dark blue combination. ets proxy modules for backwards compatibility upstream nvi with enabled multibyte support a web browser built for speed, simplicity, and security the open source modelica suite - a collection of modelica libraries for use with openmodelica. python low-overhead stack-sampling profiler convert odf to openxml(docx, xlsx, pptx) run bash shell as another user with d-bus enabled, useful for running gui/x applications that need d-bus. simple utility module to make the easy to use ipc::run3 even more easy to use. required kernel module sources for android kdm4 theme a search tool that combines the usability of the silver searcher with the raw speed of grep. cgi and fcgi sapi for php a lightweight development environment for writing java programs utility library to aid in interacting with gnuplot from ruby wrapper scripts for managing clean chroots (64-bit and 32-bit). color schemes for the terminology terminal emulator a fuse virtual file system that allows processing files with arbitrary commands. ros - c ros message and service generators. prevent usage of ips by giving answers to arp-requests based on sardi you can use the modularity to combine elements and create a new icon theme. x11 direct graphics access extension wire protocol - git version unlimited drawing surface for quick diagrams and notes distributed source control management tool a scientific plotting library for gtkmm. apertium language data for the english-spanish translator. a gnome and gtk2 passphrase requesters for ssh-add. a calendar framework for emacs email change notifications for git (and github) check that your puppet manifests conform to the style guide. a small c library to read and write subtitles in a few different formats (currently stl, subrip and dcp) pure python tftp library small command line program that removes garbage from gamecube images to created smaller images. reimplementation of the game engine of theme hospital, git version a calendar-generation program which produces nice-looking postscript output psych is a yaml parser and emitter ros - messages, services and actions used by moveit. relative searcher chromium spin-off to enhance privacy by disabling data transmission to google. (binary version) easy to use interface to thetvdb.com daemon that provides cluster infrastructure services to its clients run external processes, with strong typing of streams. polyphonic synthesizer lv2 plugin http simple queue service, message queue based on http get/post protocol. z80 assembler with extra features for ti calculators plugin for vapoursynth: combmask (git version) python client for pandora a unix command line program that works like cat but sends its output through xmpp manages menus of application launchers, either executables or desktop files. also opens files and urls with launchers, desktop files, or applications associated by name or mimetype. ical feeds for django based on django's syndication feed framework u-boot for a20 olinuxino lime super light async dns resolver simple and quite complete icon set, token-style. driver for realtek rtl8188cus (8188c, 8192c) chipset wireless cards software package and libraries for graph, mesh and hypergraph partitioning, static mapping, and sparse matrix block ordering. this is the all-inclusive version (mpi/serial/esmumps). user-friendly tool to manage files in an openstack storage system (swift) html 4.01 specification emacs perforce integration 2d platform game featuring the adventures of duke nukem. an active reconnaissance network security tool computer algebra framework (currently alpha, install only if you know what you are doing) open or close the cd/dvd tray via the menu or via a function key of the remote control perl implementation of the red/black tree, a type of balanced binary search tree. create and destroy ubuntu touch instances and run them with the emulator dark fcitx theme. based on margueritesu's default theme. free, casual arena shooter lightweight desktop environment based on weston compositor for use with wayland bindings to libintl.h (gettext, bindtextdomain) gamma adjustment analysis tool centroidfold for predicting rna secondary structures openscenegraph with performance enhancements for openmw - git mirror an ncurses-based space shooter a python module for management of a system storage configuration - python 2.x pkg a parser generator library based on ometa, and other useful parsing tools. simple keylogger supporting also usb keyboards. wrangler -- an erlang refactorer dutch language pack for seamonkey automating clojure projects without setting your hair on fire. a modern c library for parsing the wavefront obj file format. a mature science fiction role playing game set in the future ip routing utilities, with multipath tcp support ros - libnabo is a fast k nearest neighbour library for low-dimensional spaces. llvm 3.3 (installed in /opt/llvm33/) the best opensource ipsec implementation with pkcs11 support qmail-queue multi-filter front end a lightweight python library for computational pipelines. savage wheels is a 2d car crashing arcade game similar to the old classic destruction derby. query vcard database from mutt using query_command, part of rolo extract files from the rpa archive format (from ren'py visual novels). python library for interacting with jira via rest apis open source game development toolkit for .net/mono. a simple script that handles modifying the contents of a gpg encrypted archive. solar data calculation and prediction library for python lua binadings for gnome/gobject using gobject-introspection library time tracking application that helps you to keep track on how much time you have spent during the day on activities you choose to track generic stream encapsulation library a kiss command-line text editor bash wrapper for pacman and aur tiemu emulates texas instruments calculators ti-89/92/92/v200plt (no gdb). enables you to understand your disk drive usage loads environment variables from '.env'. obd scan and diagnostics eyetracking plugins for opensesame keepass plugin providing enhanced search capabilities an internet whois client a daemon to manage l2tp over ipsec virtual private network connections. uri data type for postgresql a high-performance library for evaluation of molecular integrals of many-body operators over gaussian functions an acme shell script, an acme client alternative to certbot a modern object-oriented programming language. (-git version) template rendering, notifier, and supervisor for hashicorp consul and vault data somewhat fancy voice command recognition software a science fantasy turn based tactical role-playing game upnp router control allow to see some params of the router like the download speed and control port forwarding trough upnp protocol. python 2 module to decode and encode png files all-in-1 utility for the easyflash3 cartridge and its usb connection to the pc salted challenge response authentication mechanism (rfc 5802) minimalistic command-line interface for discord visual disk test performs i/o tests on files, logical volumes, partitions or whole disks. this is an ibus engine for users of the cangjie and quick input methods. linuxmint 18 theme calculate the distance (in km or in miles) between two points on earth, located by their latitude and longitude. a tool to attack multiple wep and wpa encrypted networks at the same time a free cross-platform english thesaurus based on wordnet thumbnailer for xyz images (development version) shark c machine learning library gnu shtool is a compilation of small but very stable and portable shell scripts into a single shell tool. a c interface generator for pure ceti-2 is a theme for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell. it supports gtk 3 and gtk 2 based desktop environments like gnome, unity, budgie, pantheon, etc. python memory profiler and debugger lookup of country codes by ip address a udt wrapper for rsync that improves throughput of large dataset transfers over long distances. advanced access content system. (git version) a small framebuffer pdf viewer, based on mupdf. a fixtures replacement based on thoughtbot's factory_girl for ruby. girffi-based ruby bindings for gtk 2 and 3 misc. tools from the tsocks package radeon's vulkan mesa driver (32-bit) - non-libglvnd version make pacman think cron is installed firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - ukrainian pure perl implementation of the tiny encryption algorithm convert lists of files into tree(1)-like output atolm openbox theme the lzfse compression library and command line tool qemu rbd block module. git version. the classic game of battleships against the computer. ncurses. gtk2, gtk3, unity and metacity themes from ubuntu mate. an application for building and managing phars a self-hosted, web-based application for stream your music, everywhere. git development branch an educational tiny self-compiling c compiler/self-executing mips emulator/self-hosting mips hypervisor an replacement x window display manager similar to, and based on xdm vdpau driver with opengl/vaapi backend plain text display for the x window system simulation game where a number of programs try to crash each other checks boot files and mbr for changes nanum series fixed width truetype fonts svg path objects and parser a cross-platform 3d audio library (psp) ros - parser for semantic robot description format (srdf). streaming torrent client. ros - the gripper_action_controller package. philips saa1099 sound generator chip emulator physics-based platform game (demo) gnome2-canvas perl bindings for libgnomecanvas standalone web browser from netscape.com a command-line journal with optional encryption c language family frontend for llvm theme for the balou splash screen (xfce4) opentype text shaping engine. (x32 abi) an r5rs scheme (ieee p1178). written in c and runs under many oses. dynamic scripting language that compiles into lua (5.1) a lightweight modern c wrapper around sqlite c api. a document checker. redpen is a proofreading tool to help writers or programmers. material design icons web font llvm (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.7/) a tool for the dynamic instrumentation of programs desktop management interface table related utilities an engine and development kit for the creation of 2d adventure games. model-based unsupervised and supervised classification misc programming languages, games and programs for gpmd85emulator an experiment to cut logs in preparation for processing elsewhere. getopts(1) for fish a portable sound library (nintendo 64) history of the latest viewed channels adds symbolic calculation features to gnu octave. these include common computer algebra system tools such as algebraic operations, calculus, equation solving, fourier and laplace transforms, variable precision arithmetic and other features. interna [...] a tool for producing a pacman package from software's existing installation. fork of repacman-en tool. simplified c implementation of i2p client increment module version numbers simply and correctly irccloud commandline interface pyrit support for nvidia-cuda. real-time metrics for nginx server contextmenus for various parts of roundcube using commands from the toolbars si units for postgresql gridcoin is a cryptocurrency that helps science via boinc - qt open client for cisco anyconnect vpn syntax checker for mail sieves. record, convert and stream audio and video (all possible features including nvenc, qsv and libfdk-aac; git version) various dwarf utils only something jdmundrawala slapped together to store his pdfs x-tile is an application that allows you to select a number of windows and tile them in different ways. it works on any x desktop (gnome, kde, xfce, lxde…). the gnu general-purpose parser generator emprint moksha module redirect tcp connections a three-tiers high-level general purpose application platform (server application) play the benny hill theme while running another command svg writing module for perl 6 yaml 1.2 parser and writer a classic bomberman-like game with multiplayer support django social authentication made simple.. perl/cpan module snmp::info javascript minifier a cd player windowmaker dock app perl/cpan module log::tree - lightweight but highly configuration logging class the cake scheduler, bufferbloat.net free software lha implementation japanesecharacterconverter, interconvert hiragana, katakana, halfwidth kana a personal and small-business financial-accounting application detect and block spam using identifying digests of messages. extract zip files with encoding gbk instead of utf-8 gnome audio player for transcription libre baskerville is webfont optimized for web body text (typically 16px). it's based on 1941 atf specimens, but it has a taller x height, wider counters and minor contrast that allow it to work on small sizes in any screen. bridge hand (deals) generator a simple virus filter wrapper for clamav. minimalist class construction fortune quotes from south park google's operations research tools a platform for deductive program verification tool for in-depth analysis of usb hid devices communication python wine bindings session management system for jack. dumps information (used keys, moduli, r, s, ...) from a openpgp compatible file. a colormap tool getxbook is a collection of tools to download books from google books' "book preview" (getgbook), amazon's "look inside the book" (getabook) and barnes & noble's "book viewer" (getbnbook). eugridpma igtf trust anchor distribution an object-oriented language for quick and easy programming ocaml bindings for lo library an english<->german dictionary for your command line this chbox plugin adds the convenient functionality of making single and/or multiple selections from a number of emails in roundcube message list. an integrated system to allow digital gathering (adunanza digitale).adunanza digitale is an assembly available on-line. none syndication feed parser/generator (rss / atom) a cpu monitoring dockapp (for windowmaker, openbox, afterstep and so on) netctl-auto-resume@ systemd service, to reconnect when the system resumes from suspend gstreamer libav plugin a visualization program for the regilo library sophisticated text editor for code, html and prose, development build with simplified chinese translation and fcitx input method support load kernel modules for nfs client using rdma java modelling tools (jmt) is a comprehensive framework for performance evaluation, system modeling with analytical and simulation techniques, capacity planning and workload characterization studies. a fast, reliable and affordable database administration tool purpose-built for simplifying database management and reducing administration costs. truetype font rendering library (including the old hinting engine; 32-bit) return to castle wolfenstein is a single and multiplayer first person shooter. you need the retail game files to play. a window manager for gnome an interactive, browser-based graphing library for python2 the easiest, quickest, and most popular quakeworld server. tcl/gtk bindings, gnoclcanvas module a python library and cli tool that simplifies chroot handling simple serialisation of objects to json a bash script to watch a file or folder and commit changes to a git repo odbc module for lua compiler and tools for the go programming language from google (all supported platform) wine's built-in replacement for microsoft's internet explorer (for wine-stable) postgresql background worker to capture data a lilypond sheet music text editor. a lightweight lua vm for the browser simple vtxxx-compatible linux terminal emulator one kde servicemenu for encfs encrypted directories ; kf5 version skdata is a library of data sets for machine learning and statistics. this module provides standardized python 3 access to toy problems as well as popular computer vision and natural language processing data sets an extensible mail notification daemon translations for cinnamon, nemo, cinnamon control center... tools and user space driver for use with mobile phones brother cups and lpd driver for l5902dw free, open source image viewer, which supports multiple platforms. a tool for removing latex commands from input a set of open-source fraktur fonts address-family independent name resolving functions this is a simple nautilus extension which adds a context menu to files and directories which lets you set/modify emblems its emblems. brainstorming and mind mapping software - legacy version 7.5 fortune quotes from sabrina, the teenage witch zsh completion support for git-annex. a simple python client library for acme server that issues tls (aka ssl) certificates mdm plugin for zarafa webapp parallels virtualization integration services & drivers archlinux package manager backend library. a japanese font for viewing japanese ascii arts properly tools for accessing jpeg2000 files dockapp showing antialiased analog clock. this is rachana, a font belonging to a set of truetype and opentype fonts released under the gnu general public license for malayalam language. historical copy of the gaming applications module of kde 1, adapted to compile on modern systems (circa. 2016) gtk debugging and development tool for gtk3 applications core daemon for backbone nodes in the payment stellar network easy to use, free and open-source multimedia converter for linux in python libretro implementation of late 2014/early 2015 version of mame (0.159-ish) (arcade) base class for error handling net::ping - check a remote host for reachability an artificial life and evolution simulator that uses hebbian neural networks and opengl/sdl to simulate life in a simplified environment. it is based on larry yaeger's polyworld idea fuse filesystem using libarchive xml editor based on scintilla. suckless command line video editor a program for ripping and encoding audio-cds, encoding files from disk. (git version) a cross-platform application and ui framework windowmaker dock app that displays the number of read and unread messages in up to five mailboxes. unpacks .zip archives such as those made by pkzip. with iconv patch for -o / -i goodness. small c program that will help you with network settings scalable, memory efficient event trace data format and support library. the d programming language reference compiler uefi firmware image viewer and editor and utilities ncurses user interface for canto-daemon/canto-next. git version ubo icon theme from gnome-look http://gnome-look.org/content/show.php/?content=122078 pacman history parser and helper script for the arch rollback machine (arm). music addon for drascula shadow of the wyrm by julian day - development branch. a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator, v5.0-321 for super smash bros netplay firmware for uart controllable si4010 based tunable ook/fsk rf transmitter metadata anonymisation toolkit (git version) carla windows bridges calculates disk usage for files in a given directory ros - messages for use with robot_controllers framework. lpr and cups driver for various brother dcp, hl and mfc models. carlito is a sans-serif font metrically compatible with calibri. ⚡ preexec and precmd functions for bash just like zsh. split your monorepo into many repos testing release -- a safe home for all your data. secure, under your control and developed in an open, transparent and trustworthy way tomate plugin that shows the session progress in notification area easy to use yet efficient tools for c for signal processing, coding, or scientific code in general a pure python netlink and linux network configuration library. (python2 version) wxnatpy is a wxpython widget which allows users to browse the contents of a xnat repository. it is built on top of wxpython and xnatpy. mdl zork! a secure peer-to-peer network of personal servers, built on a clean-slate system software stack bridge design contest is an internet-based competition that provides middle school and high school students with a realistic, engaging introduction to engineering copies the standard input to the standard output while limiting bandwidth to the specified maximum a python wrapper for libmpv. simple text editor for xfce (git checkout) use douglas crockford's jslint in a console fluidsynth plugin for vlc (compiling from vlc git repo). a dmenu wrapper which works like dmenu_run, but evaluates math you give it too skolemization-based quantified boolean formula (qbf) solver that generates certificates a portable client library for working with and a free graphics set for openttd (latest snapshot release) code for anisotropies in the microwave background a moest twitter client intel va-api media applications and scripts for libyami qt frontend for youtube-dl ros - maintains the ecl licenses and also provides an install target for deploying licenses with the ecl libraries. alternative or preprocessor for urlview, primarily for use with mutt yet another virtual keyboard for gnome. http://blog.du-a.org/?cat=9 a modbus library for linux, mac os x, freebsd, qnx and win32 (development version) (mingw-w64) qt .ui file viewer qt5 based irc-client, compiled with kde4 support - git version a simple menu generator for fluxbox openbox jwm that uses xdg-menu. ros - this package provides the c extensions for a variety of threaded programming tools. implementation of the jsonpath data structure query language meet rosangela blackwell, an embittered writer who just found out that she is a medium and that it’s her mission. gstreamer editing services (mingw-w64) extenstions to the scons build system a minimalistic disassembler library a command scheduler for shells colortail works like tail but can optionally read one or more config files where it's specified which patterns results in which colors. nginx  nchan - a flexible pub/sub server data::treedumper also dumps data in a tree-like fashion but hopefully in a format more easily understood. voice recordings for freeswitch lua module for pam authentication parse your toml. remote desktop daemon for gnome using pipewire a virtual network service for openstack - open vswitch plugin it is an ide specially designed to get you up and running quickly with soft processors on the papilio fpga boards a flexible and fast mixed model toolbox the silver searcher: an attempt to make something better than ack, which itself is better than grep. advanced text editor built in accordance with material design multi window input software dsremote is a program to control and visualize your rigol® ds6000 or ds1000z series oscilloscope from your linux desktop via usb or lan. the kde version of the nitrux os icons deal with rfc 2047 encoded words (improved) a customizable mouse gestures extension for firefox deepin wine32 comprehensive collection of cli tools for machine learning and data mining. commandline tools for searching and browsing sourcecode a color and b&w emoji svginot font built from emojione. c/c ide. 30-day evaluation. a vlsi layout system support for working with arch linux packages. color space conversions and named lookups generic hash and hmac program scaleio sds gnu/fdl english-czech dictionary for stardict selinux python tools and libraries monospaced bitmap font designed for long work with computers (ttf version, mainly for java applications) fork, better integration with the gnu arm openocd debugging plug-in lightweight process containers for linux a minimalist fan control program. supports the sysfs hwmon interface and thinkpad_acpi microsoft azure command-line tools acr command module command-line tools for interacting with amazon ec2 and s3 api-compatible web services using the rest/query api. maxmind geoip city library interface wheezy.template: a lightweight template library. an application written to solve jobs or rather to earn credits on 9kw.eu in more comfortable way than in a browser. perl/cpan module linux::lvm2 - a linux lvm2 wrapper library for playback of various streamed audio formats used in video games (kode54's fork) userspace linux input driver that uses data from psmove motion controller to inject events to kernel's input subsystem python bindings for tidy html parser/cleaner. nscripter-style novel-game interpreter with an emphasis on supporting games in western languages an european portuguese female voice for the mbrola synthesizer fast ispc texture compressor a jewish calendar generator linux-can / socketcan user space applications allows chroot users control mice with the joystick. set of brushes, presets, dynamics made by grindgod a cli ansi color palette written in rust high compression library (mingw-w64) a python language extension intended to make writing opencl code easy python clipboard manager lightdm qt client library collection of scripts for simplifying one's life at epfl install amar repository bash completion for the mpv video player simple password manager, a fork of mneum's tpm adds google shared status compatibility that permits to set the status for all the resources connected. this allows to go invisible on gtalk. extract text, images and metadata from kindle/mobi files ros - python system and ros utilities. query vcard database from mutt using query_command, part of rolo the generic constraint development environment arbitrary size precision for integers, rationals, floating-points and complex numbers. extract page mode and named destinations as pdfmark from pdf web client for mopidy music server and the pi musicbox rudimentary profiling for template toolkit easy to use interface to thetvdb.com redshift plasmoid provides a configuration interface and allows to start/stop redshift daemon either manually or automatically based on the current activity. plasma5 development version. ncurses pulseaudio mixer a gtk based serial port communication program a quick implementation of the taglib api for use in the music jukebox program room juice this plugin is aimed at making it more convenient to compile or run a single source file without leaving vim boot process performance visualization small but very powerful text-based mail client - slang version an advanced django cms maia theme for kde plasma 5 ros - roscreate contains a tool that assists in the creation of ros filesystem resources. userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat suora devices an estonian male voice for the mbrola synthesizer deep extension to nn modules and criterions for torch7 cups printer driver for star printer a command line tool to create c files from binary files. python bindings for the excellent oracle berkeley db. library for constructing, combining, optimizing, and searching weighted finite-state transducers (fsts) efl git user interface enable and disable xorg input devices in a easy and clean way a communal biometrics framework supporting the development of open algorithms and reproducible evaluations. an implementation of the websocket protocol (rfc 6455) specific machine learning tools for purposes of high energy physics a simple and fast webkit based python2 and gtk made browser unit testing tool for ocaml a python 2 library for processing textual data. provides an api for diving into commmon natural language processing (nlp) tasks such as part-of-speech tagging, noun phrase extraction, sentiment analysis, classification, translation, and more. ros - libraries and examples for rosserial usage on windows platforms. quick access to project files in emacs a set of object-oriented libraries for the organisation of crystallographic data a cross-platform audio application for live loop manipulation. kernel module that emulates scsi devices (dkms, git master) python wrappers for calling latex/building latex documents adds read support for excel files (xls and xlsx) to agate turkish language pack for firefox beta graphic user interface (alpha quality) for the 7zip file archiver rave cube wallpaper collection is a vivid, vibrant and bold modern wallpaper set library for manipulation of tiff images (mingw-w64) ros - hector_nav_msgs contains messages and services used in the hector_slam stack. vintage synthesizers emulator a simple curses interface for accessing wikipedia. an advanced permissions plugin for bukkit/spigot, bungeecord and sponge. multi-language thesaurus query and replacement plugin for vim a cli downloader optimized for speed and early preview, based on libcurl. print large posters on multiple sheets high level programming interface to control ieee 1394 based cameras (32 bit) generate pronouncable passwords secure storage of information for lxqt a virtual desktop pager for fluxbox (development tree) sets common environment variables for a bash library on linux the streaming build system screenshot tool with some editing features. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - hindi (india) a pure java library for clean and lightweight markdown processing a linux® kernel module that enables management of multiple screens. git version. small footprint cim client library a php based content management system - git version a library of c functions that draw extruded surfaces, including surfaces of revolution, sweeps, tubes, polycones, polycylinders and helicoids. a tomboy plugin to show a tooltip containing a preview when you hold the mouse over a link in a note. cyber for your system (dkms) a python module for manipulation and statistical analysis of graphs gconf support for pulseaudio mopidy extension for playing audio from the internet archive tools to drive the device mapper multipathing driver (contains kpartx) v0.112 - maps charsets from and to utf16 unicode ipxe open source boot firmware - git checkout open source continuous replication / cluster synchronization thing: binary. an open-source implementation of the opengl specification a selection of general-utility io function 2d arcade game featuring lovely turtle (svn version) the most famous irc tcl bot dumps premaster keys from programs that use openssl encryption cowsay replacement with unicode and partial ansi escape support. non-dns ip-to-country resolver c library (mingw-w64) video player that can display barrage-like comments grabbed from danmaku websites like bilibili.com,acfun.tv and niconico.jp. a cross-platform, polyphonic synthesizer lv2 and vst plugin is the clone from winhttrack tool. gui is based on qt libriaries. (git version) python client library for sahara work with evernote & yinxiang from the command line. this fork has everything geeknote does and more for example the ability to upload documents. it also has much more active development. front end for linux lvm and gnu parted. it also handles creating and mounting file systems neuropol custom font viewpdf shows pdf files, clearly indicating annotations and possible mistakes android boot.img creation and extraction tools netcats 'cycles per instruction' album as a kernel module gtk2 port of fsv, the filesystem visualizer a virtual network service for openstack - brocade plugin inspects and alters the state of the pulseaudio sound server encoder and decoder for extended json (ejson) as used in meteor and ddp. latex classes for modeling and analysis of information systems journal (includes both russian and english versions) generate catalyst application menus zcash equihash miner by nicehash. djezo gpu/cuda solver build. forked by aayanl. script to use engrampa with thunar-archive-plugin color testing script for urxvt standalone mail and news reader from mozilla.org - bleeding edge version deploy shadowsocks rss server with random configuration firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - tamil a c/c rewrite of the minpack software (mingw-w64) an alternative 7-zip gui - replaced by the 'j7z' package firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - korean an easy to use, scalable and secure web application framework for writing web apis in c. installer for the lazy newb pack to run dwarf fortress. includes vanilla dwarf fortress, dfhack and graphics tools for manipulating characters, strings, and character sets python library for accessing adafruit character lcds from a raspberry pi or beaglebone black. pam module allows a x.509 certificate based user login python toolkit for rally a tool for helping programmers write java code that adheres to a coding standard python bindings for the qt data visualisation library vlc extension to download subtitles from opensubtitles.org a lightweight cross-platform c ide helps with reading the bible according to various reading plans (german only) vpn pivoting in linux using pure low-level sockets within tap device. a gofmt/goimports-like tool for go programmers that fills in go return statements with zero values to match the func return types colour management projects to share icc related implementation details yape::regex::explain - explanation of a regular expression a tools for changing your $gem_home dlna compliant upnp media server for the ps3, written in java. uncomplicated and easy to use cli tool for managing a netfilter firewall. development branch. a set of command line tools to manipulate szs, u8, brres, breff, breft, bmg, kmp, tex, tpl, and staticr.rel files of mario kart wii a third-party viewer for second life (c) (secondlife) and opensim (opensimulator) grids. ('vl' stands for virtual life, formerly known as 'cool sl viewer'; built from source) rhythmbox plugin that shows the radio station lists of icecast and shoutcast directly in rhythmbox canon mg5500 series printer driver module to define equality, equivalence and inspection methods. catkin package library coffeescript-based domain-specific language for generating json documents for swagger automatic c header to d module translator driver for the realtek 8192eu chipset (dkms) a systemd hook for reconnecting openvpn after suspend an ssh2 extension for php sharing plug for switchboard ncurses based space invaders clone python virtualenvs in debian packages (git version) gtk2 gui milena speech synthesizer (screen reader, etc) dhcp service management 'the lord of the rings'-based diceware passphrase generator a system load monitor that displays the system activity in a very special way yaml for the command line safenet sentinel ldk aksusb daemon supporting sentinel hasp, hasp hl, hasp4 and hardlock keys. the translator for macrodown, a markup language wrapping other markup languages such as tex/latex or html. lpr and cups driver for the brother hl3040cn elementary icon theme swi-prolog for sharing: a swi-prolog web ide metabase::client::simple - a client that submits to metabase servers library and tools to access the extensible storage engine (ese) database file (edb) format. 2000 mazda rx-7 type rz car model for racer (cg version) by nick murdoch a java swing animation library sequential model-based optimization toolbox. software system for algebraic geometry and commutative algebra tool for controling the frequency and fan settings of amd/ati video cards. industrial strength alternative to ocaml's standard library interactive command execution in vim an image viewing/manipulation program (_just_ the new magick binary from im7, all others im6) terminal emulator that supports tabs and grids (bzr trunk developmental version) cross-platform detection and configuration of displays database sql, query tool, using jdbc for oracle, sqlite, firebird, etc python module for developing munin multigraph monitoring plugins. addons related to chinese, including ime previous bundled inside fcitx4 a fast and minimalist audio player qt creator cppcheck integration plugin a platform for xml processing and knowledge-management persistent cache for requests library ros - this package contains common nodelet tools such as a mux, demux and throttle. a qtquick based components set browser-based gdb frontend using flask and javascript to visually debug c, c, go, or rust lean theorem prover 2 fortune cookies: confucius sayings.) graphical tool for debugging and testing the icinga2 api commonly used xfce widgets among xfce applications (git checkout) interact with a cisco router automatic setting of code style variables enchant module for php a light opds library server for epub and pdf ebooks a colorful alternative to "adb logcat" a 3d realtime visualizer for dwarf fortress name service switch (nss) module that resolves the name gateway.localhost to the ip of the current default gateway - git checkout a call graph generation utility for c/c a new calendar application for gnome 3. it is currently under heavy development. caitsith lkm-based lsm version soapy sdr module for sdrplay fast, interoperable binary data frame storage for python, r ros - this ros package wraps documentation tools like doxygen, sphinx, and epydoc, making it convenient to generate ros package documentation. dwim stands for “dowhatimean”, as in the idea that one keystroke can do different things depending on the context. simple x session manager a tool that sits in the background and notifies you using libnotify if a channel you follow comes online or goes offline ros - euslisp ros message and service generators. the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm eabi (bare-metal) target. tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (es-es) the command-line interface for cabal and hackage. a selection of utilities for data and data types firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - albanian cinnamon applet. window list with app grouping and window thumbnails for cinnamon. nchan nginx module joy-device plugin perl module with functions for working with io::handle like objects exclude/ignore files in a directory (using .gitignore like syntax), compute hash, search projects for an entire directory tree and gzip compression a python library for reading, writing and modifying bitmap fonts in bdf format german language pack for firefox beta useful functions from the spacemacs project a ncurses based clone of the alien: isolation console interfaces. the open-xchange documents backend productivity extension logging integration for click a secure email client this webapp is a desktop password manager compatible with keepass databases. a gtk application to make comparisons between cpu models. visual docker container management driver for the realtek8192eu chipset. classes for audio, video, radio and camera functionality (mingw-w64) an old-style cjk serif font. a theme based on ambiance (gtk2, gtk3, gnome-shell, metacity, unity) grib2 encoder/decoder (c version) a thumbnailer for kra ( krita native file ) and ora ( open-raster ) for the gnome desktop gui tool to manage one or more pppoe connections functions to compare git versions proxy for using w3c webdriver-compatible clients to interact with gecko-based browsers a poker odds calculator written in google go an algorithm for breaking the pkzip cipher that was devised by eli biham and paul kocher. the swmmtoolbox is a python script that extracts data from the swmm5 binary output file. a qt-based library that maps json data to qvariant objects (32-bit) select which dictionaries should be available system-wide a tutorial app showcasing how to create and manage web services for public id on safe network. a python-based hardware description language artificial intelligence for reiner knizia's blue moon card game enhancements to standard library 'font-lock.el'. turns realtek rtl2832 based dvb dongle into a sdr receiver transferring the raw i/q samples to the host. keenerd's experimental fork. numix white is a gtk 3 and gtk 2 theme, based of the original numix theme ruby git bindings. a searchable command palette for gtk3 applications patches jump tables into rom dumps add uname output to early boot process does your process have access to the web embedded key-value store for fast storage (lite version) patch utility to apply unified diffs voice recordings for freeswitch syntax highlighting and auto-completion for openscad files in geany. eclipse color theme canon scanner driver (mp280 series) a gtk2 based xmessage clone for gtk2. clipboard manager for gnome modular agent based evolution framework ros - ros_control controller manager interface for moveit!. a tool for delivering news from rss feeds to your email program (development version) a collection of several fortune cookies for portuguese speakers, gathered from various sources, ranging from proverbs to quotations from literature classics. flann is a library for performing fast approximate nearest neighbor searches in high dimensional spaces (mingw-w64) a fork of the mysql converter tool (mysql to mysqli) interactive cli interface for apache maven. open source software for tl866 eprom programmer a framework for proteomics data analysis. qmmp plugin pack. (svn version) implementation of a snapshotting service for zfs a sony playstation emulator based on the pcsx-df project rightlink rl10 is a new version of rightscale's server agent that connects servers managed through rightscale to the rightscale cloud management platform. tools for running rtorrent headless as a regular user a 2channel browser written in c using gtkmm a software-based implementation of the codec specified in the emerging jpeg-2000 part-1 standard (32-bit) an advanced and feature rich package manager frontend library for computing non-uniform fast fourier transforms. (mingw-w64) desktop twitter client arphic public licensed fonts a c/c rewrite of the minpack software probabilistic yin algorithm for fundamental frequency (f0) estimation in monophonic audio (vamp plugin) sqlint is a simple command-line linter which reads your sql files and reports any syntax errors or warnings it finds. finnish language pack for seamonkey convert html to wiki markup django model mixins and utilities outputs x window titles a script that uses gpg to encrypt and decrypt directories an extremely fast, reliable form generation and processing module trained language data for tesseract ocr engine automatic command-line music (mp3/ogg/flac) file tagger and renamer yet another plugin system a python perceptual image hashing module desktop application to monitor router turris graphical tablet configuration utility kinit an smtp and pop benchmark character encoding detection, brought to you by icu a miniature early macintosh emulator a client for the astakos authentication service a club management plugin for jameica. a python library cmus remote library github v3 api automagically hide/show a window compare two complex data structures loosely a simple, extensible markov chain generator. tool for stripping bits of non-deterministic information from files nvm controller firmware update utility from the intel thunderbolt software userspace the official command line client for cloud foundry message transfer agent with maximal-enabled features the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm eabi (bare-metal) target. openbox menu editor - replacement of obmenu ros - rqt_bag provides a gui plugin for displaying and replaying ros bag files. ros - image_geometry contains c and python libraries for interpreting images geometrically. libraries for building reactive services in perl6 - core ros - roslaunch is a tool for easily launching multiple ros nodes locally and remotely via ssh, as well as setting parameters on the parameter server. base plugins for rhythmcat ncurses based hierarchical notebook to structure many kinds of data in one place. routines for calculating the time-evolution of the level-set equation and extracting geometric information from the level-set function. verify aur package sources against hashes stored in a blockchain. intense shoot-em-up with 100% pure frenzied gameplay. (commercial) super s3 command line tool (git) detects unused variables json api 1.0 (https://jsonapi.org) formatting with marshmallow oo,functional programming language designed to cross compile to java,.net and javascript ocaml bindings for re2, google's regular expression library a tool to test if the nameservers of a domain are misconfigured and allow axfr (dns zone transfers) to anyone. python gettext translation toolkit a calendar that's fully integrated into thunderbird a typeface that is pleasant to read on screens by sorkin type co wallet / node implementation of the lightning.network p2p protocol create bootable disks or cd image with your system files, to allow system maintenance tools for doing computation in game theory - git version virtual machine for andrew w. appel's tree intermediate representation a comic downloader and archiver. perl smtp client supporting tls and auth firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - asturian a graphical frontend to manage ssh configurations for different hosts a small python library to parse various kinds of time expressions library and tools to access the ole 2 compound file (olecf) format json implementation for ruby none gnu toolchain (as, gcc, g, ld, gdb) for the ti msp430 processor a low-cost vhdl development system designed for the serious hardware designer. fedora 21 backgrounds a c library for doing computations in commutative algebra. also includes the cocoa-5 interpreter. allows starting virtualbox virtual machines from krunner (plasma 5 version) tariff data for the timetable search engines by chaps: czech/slovak trains  bus, czech public transport. note that some data need the purchased version of idos to run. utilities for compression, file manipulation, text cleanup, and images/pdf optimization (with all features and extras) framework for sensor-based natural interaction simple screenshot utility that integrates nicely into i3 and xfce. an ultra-bold, ultra-awesome slab serif typeface. open source version of the scalable, non-blocking web server and tools incremental btrfs snapshot backups with push/pull support via ssh library and command-line utility for the scrypt key derivation function an opinionated static site generator a connection-oriented messaging api that supports many languages and platforms low bandwidth x proxy python client library for magnum a simple program for displaying commonly needed/wanted statistics in real time of incoming and outgoing traffic system v ipc constants and system calls a c library and utility for parsing and writing opentype font files. tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (fa) a pinball game developed in late 1992 as a sequel to pinball dreams. save the world by being a mediator ensuring that no conflict gets escalated. enchant module for php kde system settings a graphical configuration tool for jws perl/cpan module httpd::bench::apachebench: perl api for apache benchmarking and regression testing. gps, the gnat programming studio for ada barebones dependency manager for go. systemd unit files and boot script to start justbrowsing session plugin for python support (x32 abi) binary grep pachi (game of go) environment for openai gym low orbit ion cannon - qt edition cgi plugin (x32 abi) estonian id card signing for chrome. chrome extension and native messaging client. kio slave to access google drive library for controlling visca compliant cameras through a rs232 port of your pc. a faster, more reliable, easier to maintain messaging broker built from activemq pc/sc architecture smartcard middleware library a minecraft server status probing library shared data files for tremulous a simple, indirect-threaded forth, written in c. tty driver for perle iolan ds ts sds sts scs jetstream lanstream linkstream and 3rd party serial console terminal device servers xdg application menu with full support for fvwm linux studio plugins: standalone jack version python bindings for leveldb database library creates a thumbnail for the webp. accelerated mesagl plugin python wrapper for smbus access over i2c-dev. download and customize wordpress plugin boilerplate in one go http://wppb.io/ a perl 6 module to generate xml johntheripper password cracker with jumbo patch and mpi support small utility to generate a bold line in a repeated line of text header-only library for conversion to/from half-precision floating point formats (git version) a lightweight pure c library built to use minimal cpu and memory resources, and provide fast throughput in both directions. prey is a first person shooter based on the id tech 4 engine using portals and variable gravity. you need the retail game files to play. chameleon x cursor theme (pearl flavour) nvidia's opencl implemention for 'nvidia-utils-beta' graphical user interface for git that allows you control git without using the commandline. a free graphical sudoku game written in java provides functions for animations in statistics omegat plug-in that offers offline machine translation from apertium kgpg is a simple interface for gnupg, a powerful encryption utility. git version. create amazing games without code curio - concurrent i/o lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j4420dw nautilus wipe is an extension for nautilus for securely erasing files powerful disassembler library for x86/amd64 a fairly comprehensive, modular and portable cryptographic toolkit. the virtual reality peripheral network lib and tools makepkg-templates for git source packages c api package allowing third-party developers to write applications that utilize the spotify music streaming service unix command line queue utility this hook checks for a modified bootloader code, in an encrypted boot setup, and warns the user to not enter his root device password ros - compressed_depth_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending depth images (raw, floating-point) using png compression. interactive 3d software synthesizer, inspired by reactable a hierarchical console-based outliner/planner/notebook and fork of hnb. user-space front-end command-line tool for ftrace, inclduing the gui interface application kernelshark as well as trace-graph and trace-view. ros - package modeling the run-time dependencies for language bindings of messages. a collection of really funny and perverse limericks. reads and writes spatial data files albanian language pack for firefox beta picflash upload library don't starve: shipwrecked dlc a lightweight secure server providing multi-user, multi-client access to task data parametric integer programming library a program that can be used to verify or refine a terminfo (terminal information) description of a terminal. png reference library (psp) ros - rosconsole_bridge is a package used in conjunction with console_bridge and rosconsole for connecting console_bridge-based logging to rosconsole-based logging. powerful 3d humanoids creator an unidentifiable mechanism that helps you bypass gfw. manage icinga 2 configuration from icinga web 2 ldap schema for fusiondirectory subcontracting plugin the rapid development framework for php the visual history browser par packager bullettrain prompt builder written in python distribute the rendering of blender 3d images (frames) across several computers a small command-line program to download videos from youtube.com and a few more sites automatically detect tab preferences for source files a tool to monitor mbox mmdf mh and maildir e-mail directory formats. tool for creating algorithmic random midi music a perl script to convert flac files to mp3 format spell checker and morphological analyzer library (mingw-w64) cdi is a general purpose c-library with an additional fortran interface for file io in the geoscience area. supported data formats are grib, netcdf, service, extra and ieg. cdi is the io part of cdo a set of free type1 fonts utility for encrypting/decrypting single files with key pair a set of c language extensions to facilitate aspect-oriented programming with c/c a pdf spellbook creation utility for d20 games in python poor bob fell off his toilet, resulting in urgent need for a heart transplant. a terminal for a more modern age a small, modal text editor based on vi simple live tazmen sniffer protocol (tzsp) to pcap converter dock app that simulates the text scrolls from the movie "the matrix" an open source, completely automatic on-line backup system for unix. open cubic player (git version) apache module that embeds the perl interpreter within the server a window manager for gnome (with a little hack to hide the window decorations on maximized legacy applications) private messaging from your desktop provides 3d mathematical functions using the power of numpy. python wrapper around lua and luajit a simple git desktop notifier a simple virtual machine for the intermediate code of tslang (the simple language). a program documentation system. nvidia drivers for the linux-tomoyo kernel legacy ghc (7.4 series). originally released on june 2012. a fast and complete implementation of markdown in python. primitive command line interface to randr extension. git version. a simple, fast, cross-platform, and object-oriented multimedia api (32-bit) ham radio maidenhead grid converter & bearing  distance calculator an implementation of interpreted string literals for r. yubico yubikey personalization gui - git checkout job scheduler for postgresql service to mail a systemd's unit status an ncurses-based klondike solitaire clone heavily modified version of the original dwarf therapist (for qt4 - based heavily on kiryl's package). dukto is an easy file transfer tool designed for lan use. this aur uses the ubuntu binaries for dukto. remotely access your desktop from any device from anywhere! - server version a gitter client for your console. xml stylesheet transformation library (mingw-w64) high performance netflow v5, v9, ipfix flow data export module for linux kernel znapzend is a zfs centric backup tool. it relies on snapshot, send and receive todo its work. it has the built-in ability to manage both local snapshots as well as remote copies by thining them out as time progresses. tiny tool, that lets you attach processes running on other terminals the gnu compiler collection - c and c frontends for multilib with x32 abi support an encrpyted,anti-replay,multiplexed udp tunnel,tunnels udp traffic through fake-tcp or icmp by using raw socket bios editor for amd polaris cards provides autojoining for rooms without bookmarks gl utility library for mesa builds from git after 2012-08-31 a tag editor with qt gui and command-line interface supporting mp4/m4a/aac (itunes), id3, vorbis, opus, flac and matroska a small xml parsing library (static library) perl extension for formatting numbers selectively run tests based on the environment and installed modules and libs rapidjson is an attempt to create the fastest json parser and generator. 个性化音乐服务 for mac and linux borrow cookies from your browser's authenticated session foruse in python scripts. a video processing framework with simplicity in mind. (git version) command line converter for draw.io diagrams moksha kl4k theme from git sources simple support for xml namespaces io::like provided unbuffered read, write, and seek a script font with great vibes. lightweight blog engine on mojo steroids! small shell command for changing directories quickly an ide for rust perl extension for 32 bit jenkins hashing algorithm c library for the unified configuration interface (uci) provides support for browsing git repositories inside acme. data transfer between psion epoc pda and pc via rs-232; psiwin clone asciimathml to mathml translator (python 3) plugin to toggle, display and navigate marks for vim policykit with consolekit support for non-systemd systems this plugin provides a button in the entry dialog with the number of entries that use the password of the open entry, too. it is possible to get the complete list of entries that use the reference password. get pacman history for one file a parser, schema validator, and data-binding tool for yaml and json. ros - package containing pcl (point cloud library)-related ros messages. a python html parser/tokenizer based on the whatwg html5 spec (v0.9999999 as dep for bleach) kde cd player. (git version) solaris porting layer kernel modules. a tomboy plugin to create links between tomboy notes via drag-n-drop use git flow with ease – maintain branches, semantic versioning, releases, and changelog with a single command. commonly needed python modules, used by python software developed at osrf a desktop manager for xfce flexible, powerful, server-side application for playing music automatically create portable linux applications (formerly cdepack) fortune cookies: the ferengi rules of acquisition from star trek a free, web-based media streamer and jukebox. php beast for source entryption gui tool for programming ham radios, built from hg repo fuse driver for amazon s3 buckets a ncurses-based sudoku puzzle game. this is zzzeek's own sphinx layout, used by sqlalchemy. padre::plugin::viewinbrowser - view selected doc in default browser for padre gnome panel applet for timing the intervals used in the pomodoro techinique(tm) implements a favorite channels menu a virtual network service for openstack - metering agent network packets monitor. improve vim's diff mode, by finding exact differences between lines, character by character vietnamese input method for ibus with bogo engine a thin cython wrapper around select areas of vlfeat client library for the mogilefs distributed file system perform ssh pubkey validation through ldap ldap schema for fusiondirectory pureftpd plugin an updated fork of nexuiz, a fast-paced multiplayer first-person shooter (game bytecode). composite font with ubuntu mono and rounded mgen. a library for handling page faults in user mode qt-only wrapper for modemmanager dbus api genetic algorithm method for optimizing a position weight matrix a powerful statically typed language for writing large programs in groups a collection of c http libraries including an easy to use http server adds support for creating state machines for attributes on any ruby class a pdf and image viewer for the linux framebuffer python bindings for glib/gobject/gio/gtk searchtimer and replacement of the vdr program menu rsbag common lisp tools complementary wallpaper collection for the shimmer project xfce themes simple commands for managing entries in /etc/hosts gnome shell extension for making and uploading screenshots fortune quotes from arrested development language-independent shared socket manager python module to make use of the federated libravatar avatar hosting service prolog environment (development version) updated slic3r by prusa3d with many bugfixes and new features pipe programs through decrypt to make your boss think you are l33t ldap schema for fusiondirectory netgroups plugin gnome extension to show network speed ros - kobuki-specific ros plugins for gazebo. ros - rqt_bag provides a gui plugin for displaying and replaying ros bag files. brother mfc-240c cups driver marea icons a modern latex beamer theme fortune quotes from psych tom's lossless audio kompressor (tak) from official site, including tak (gui) and takc (cli). sequencer for editing midi files session indicator for wingpanel free instant messaging application designed for the xmpp network secure file backup, sync and sharing client. this provides the client for spideroak blue. btrfs extent deduplication utility virtual keyboard framework (translations, mingw-w64) a simple command-line image manipulation program qt gui frontend for the (open)cbm utils sqlite module for lua 5.1 use main to dispatch to a class integrated writing environment for creating latex documents. dark version. geometric algebra scriptable 3d visualization tool mp3 playlist parser a native python2/3 reader module for the sword project bible modules nvidia gpu real-time monitoring program (core, vram, pci-e & memory bus usage and temperature of gpus) easy, proactive monitoring of unix systems, network and cloud services. conduct automatic maintenance and recovery and execute meaningful causal actions in error situations. meta package to install amdgpu pro components. (32bit libraries) a program to create and modify starters/launchers (technically: .desktop files) for applications and locations (urls). unsigned integer types extension for postgresql companion library to gobject and gtk emulationstation themes pack a text-based front-end to remind. simple ctypes bindings for fuse a fork of libvorbis intended to provide better quality sound at low to medium bitrates, with lancer patches to improve performance microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts a command line very strong encryption utility displays pokemons in your shell utility to create self-extracting packages a archlinux repo building tool mitsuba physically based renderer. wireless lan network manager (git version) lightweight ircd libretro implementation of dosbox. fluiddyn project | fluidsim | simulation package for cfd. remco is a lightweight configuration management tool a modified version of python-gnupg, including security patches, extensive documentation, and extra features. the gnupg module allows python programs to make use of the functionality provided by the gnu privacy guard. pure python ssh tunnels switch workspaces by scrolling in the top panel gtk3 gui for audiobook creator from milena speech synthesizer extended login shell - fast, minimalistic login replacement (without x support) collection of python libraries for simulating the irradiation of any point on earth by the sun. it includes code for extremely precise ephemeris calculations. r6rs/r7rs scheme system. python interface to libarchive a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (with openglhq and noxgrabkeyboard patches) blast tool suite from ncbi (blastn, blastp, blastx, psiblast, etc) generic interface for proof assistants nagios addon to create graphs from performance data a library to parse an exif file and read the data from those tags (mingw-w64) pacman clone using sdl. guide pacman through a maze and collect pac-dots while avoiding ghosts. (ebuc99 fork) open source ifc library and geometry engine. provides only wrapper for python2. git version. a toolkit for developing and comparing reinforcement learning algorithms. a tool to explore combat mechanics in the popular mmo rpg world of warcraft (tm). multi-player event-driven simulator written in c that models raid damage. gui picrin is a lightweight r7rs scheme implementation written in pure c89. a tool to create and to apply binary patches. an advanced doom engine that supports doom, heretic and hexen. gromacs is a versatile package to perform molecular dynamics, i.e. simulate the newtonian equations of motion for systems with hundreds to millions of particles. (plumed patched) a finnish invoicing software a fast iso to cso compression program for use with psp and ps2 emulators, which uses multiple algorithms for best compression ratio. adds support to several online file services to the built in url file access in keepass. safenet authentication client for alladin etoken add fbterm support to fcitx rubik typeface write multiline messages in mcabber using editor make some beautiful corner plots of samples an open source agent for collecting metrics and data on the system; binary release a fast and flexible browser (inspired by opera classic). based on qtwebengine (chromium's browser engine), with extra plugins. a cli program to manage firefox userchrome.css changes. automatic rolling backups for postgresql a library of c classes for flexible logging to files, syslog, idsa and other destinations. release candidate version. german -> english dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org little command line rest client that you can use in pipelines test-patch to use generic parser for sb z-series a qt gui application to browse and search through long or complex log files. library for automatically resizing contiguous memory (arrays and strings) utilities used around fedora infrastructure to send and receive messages (python 2 version) temporary buffer to save bytes powerful python and django ide, early access program (eap) build. professional edition. wsgi authentication middleware notify about netlink changes a git wrapper so awesome, it should be illegal. super easy & secure authentication manager manage multiple php versions netease cloud music, converted from .deb package extract gradients from svg files and save them to gimp gradient files (ggr). internationalized usernames and passwords a public domain utility for working with playstation 2 memory card images mips/arm assembler none quickly ping a large number of hosts vim defaults everyone can agree on perl extension for collecting information about the machine a small python tool for shell access to gnome keyring. it provides simple querying for and creating of keyring items. software for simulating reads from whole genomes a perl script which analyses c/c code and produces a #include dependency graph. open source security compliance solution an easy to use system for writing and managing media queries. tk widget to render html documents. system information of the intel core processor, bios, and ram simple drawing & painting program that works well with graphics tablets (git). a daemon to suspend your server in case of inactivity generates toc for markdown files of local git repo. a data::visitor for creating moose objects bitcoin p2p network library test::mojibake - check your source for encoding misbehavior the gnu compiler collection. stage 1 for toolchain building (armv8l-linux-gnueabihf) tools to include a framebuffer based boot splash within the initcpio ros - a bond allows two processes, a and b, to know when the other has terminated, either cleanly or by crashing. soma - a dialog internet radio player manage events and tasks using simple text files. data for frog. frog is an integration of memory-based natural language processing (nlp) modules developed for dutch. soundpack for teamspeak 3. making it sound like the game portal. integrate onlyoffice documentserver into nextcloud simple command line utility to helps keeping track of your expenses and the state of your budget. a command-line driven interactive function and data plotting utility -- inofficial github fork terminal key sequence database library. switchboard printers plug edk2 uefi firmware with macos compatibility fixes zotero standalone. is a free, easy-to-use tool to help you collect, organize, cite, and share your research sources. ipip.net 开发的加强版 traceroute，附带链路可视化 font chooser dialog for tkinter enhanced scripting support for kotlin on *nix-based systems pybtex reads citation information from a file and produces a formatted bibliography. a d compiler based on the llvm compiler infrastructure including d runtime and libphobos2 (0.17 bootstrap branch) yet another python profiler tools for randomizers apple cctools port for linux convert matplotlib figures into tikz/pgfplots the gnu compiler collection (powerpc-wrs-vxworks) a software platform for handling (economic) dsge and olg models. application tuning gui & command line utility google drive api made easy. a powerful icccm2 compliant multiple virtual desktop window manager for x11 the terminal utility for baidu network disk ros - this library provides lean and mean error mechanisms. rapid estimation of evolutionary distances plasma wallpaper snow from ivan safonov the text-to-speech engine used on android phones fcitx wrapper for chewing android sdk samples, api-18 xolonium fonts created for xonotic <http://www.xonotic.org> disable discrete gpu at boot for amd/nvidia & intel dual stuff. this is based on the old aur package that was not migrated to aur4. connman dmenu frontend (git version) support library for lifx-firmware-updater jupyter kernel for singular a bash implementation of parity puzzle game smooth dark theme for thunderbird eiskaltdc common data files. (git version) gnu cflow - for diagramming c program flow from sources an rpg and the spiritual successor to planescape: torment liboil is a library of simple functions that are optimized for various cpus. port of android 5/6 (lollipop/marshmallow)'s material design icons to arch. utility to create and verifies cryptographic signatures vi improved, a highly configurable, improved version of the vi text editor with gtk2 gui, no interpreters embedded shows subtitles in the bottom of an x11 display. useful with netflix. russian thesaurus minimalistic hex editor file::find::object - an object oriented file::find replacement a dna seqence motif finding programs php personal finances manager a gtk based jack audio mixer a c library for parsing/normalizing street addresses around the world. powered by statistical nlp and open geo data. (git version) the amsterdam compiler kit schematic capture and circuit simulator asynchronous cluster syncronisation tool based on librsync and inspired by unison cups driver for brother dcp-j105 printer open-source implementation of the apple filing protocol a kde service menu for creating a new folder with selection (in dolphin) tool for browsing hierarchy of low level objects in a pdf file. captiva icon theme by francisco villarroel. pacman clone using sdl. guide pacman through a maze and collect pac-dots while avoiding ghosts. a glut-based c user interface library which provides controls such as buttons, checkboxes, radio buttons, and spinners to opengl applications gnome front-end to ssh tunneling a module for very simple, very easy gui programming in python an up and coming release of the mgba emulator with ds support - qt5 ui whole genome association analysis toolset kmfl (keyboard mapping for linux) compiler library a lightweight x11 desktop panel a small and easy to use text editor node-based, non-destructive pbr material authoring tool. run different versions of maven for different projects. a data loading tool for postgresql, using the copy command. openwebrtc specific gstreamer plugins sqlite module for php lua bindings for the iconv api a system process killer written in python and elementary font made in tribute of gilbert baker, creator of the rainbow flag. two versions of the font are available, one is compatible system-wide while the other is only compatible with firefox because it is an opentype-svg font. a text-to-image steganography tool wildfly application server utilities for multi-way secret-sharing a tool for indexing and then performing regular expression searches over large bodies of source code. fast and lightweight picture-viewer for xfce4 (git version) a simple and beautiful rest api and http client library of jpeg support with an additional drop patch succinct options for moose nfs-safe file locking with timeouts for posix systems zstandard - fast real-time compression algorithm cex.io api integration. python sources. the mdm display manager with consolekit support for non-systemd setups ros - package for nodelet tutorial. fast artificial neural network library (mingw-w64) x trap sample clients lua binding to openldap download aur packages with wget with ooolilypond (oly) you can use musical notation within openoffice.org. use it for writing a book on music theory or for writing down exercises for music instruments or voice which need to be commented with text. it has always been painful to do ascii diagrams by hand. this perl application allows you to draw ascii diagrams in a modern (but simple) graphical interface. ros - roslang is a common package that all ros client libraries depend on. everything you need to get started using heroku detect nucleotide pattern fragments in genomes that occur in a given order an implementation of a well known cryptographic ratchet in c c library to mess with led projects and blinken-houses simple password manager which tries to follow the unix principles, written in bash and using tar and gnupg to store passwords. structured logging for python perl access to fsync() and sync() function calls dothost is a dns lookup utility, which produces output in graphviz format. use plantuml syntax to generate various uml documents in asciidoc zelda : return of the hylian solarus edition. static analysis tool for maintaining, measuring & analyzing critical or large code bases. open source h265/hevc video encoder. 32bit version. libraries only. grep rough source code auditing tool. gnupod is a collection of tools which allow you to use your ipod under gnu/linux and other unix-like operating systems. support for js scripting in applications a widget to embed the mplayer media player into gtk applications webrtc gateway. userspace implementation of the kqueue kernel event notification mechanism found in freebsd and other bsd-based scipy is open-source software for mathematics, science, and engineering. qemu rbd block module interactive process viewer with solarized and vim keybindings patch a tool that synchronizes hierarchies of symlinks. named binary tag reader/writer enable git-like did-you-mean feature in click. the ihmc cmap tools for concept maps lightweight client for connecting to second life and opensim worlds python library for multidimensional monte carlo integration helper tools for the arch user repository physically-based unbiased render engine deis workflow cli is a command line utility used to interact with the deis open source paas a tool for extracting portions of packet-trace files generated using tcpdump's -w flag. make pylint respect virtualenvs. kubernetes.io kubeadm binary firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - indonesian a library for playing sid music files, lib32. libfixbuf is a compliant implementation of the ipfix protocol, as defined in the "specification of the ipfix protocol for the export of ip flow information" (rfc 5101). a covariance model based rna motif finding algorithm a simple cli ssh known_hosts manager dropbox icons for plasma 5 light panels a fast and usable source code search and cross reference engine, written in java keyfinder is a tool for estimating the musical key of digital recordings, to aid djs in harmonic mixing. python 2 client for importanize replacement for gksu that uses policykit simulating other classes a library for parsing iso 8601 strings python binding for timbl, a k-nearest neighbours machine learning suite collection of profiles for ogmrip tqt3 gui toolkit a python markdown to pdf converter canon ij printer driver for pixma mg5300 series a gnome 3 feed reader libretro implementation of mame 2015. (arcade) digital modem program for amateur radio adds pretty css styles for the django cms admin interface. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine manage fonctional subcontracting script for manually adjusting the colour temperature with hotkeys the inworldz whip distributed asset server java based grbl compatible cross-platform g-code sender a python package with bindings to the 'virtual instrument software architecture' visa library a commandline tool to easily and privately handle your e-mail, git version an american english male voice for the mbrola synthesizer selinux gui tools truetype fonts from google fonts, but with updated versions of some fonts comparing directories the smart way ncurses bittorrent client based on libtorrent - rtorrent-git with pyroscope patches grounding tools for (disjunctive) logic programs. epson printer driver (px-502a) minimalist flat themes for, gnome, xfce, cinnamon, mate, openbox, lxde a python package which implements a series of statistical models for high-dimensional time-series livestreamer stream dumper a 3d point cloud (and triangular mesh) processing software team app (ex. odesk) a patched version of the alsa-utils package to support transparent terminals a spotify playing daemon fast crawling desktop search engine with qt4 gui full implementation of the common lisp language in the jvm adjusts the color temperature of your screen according to your surroundings, with minimal dependencies.. python binding for ejdb database engine video viewer and capturer for the linux uvc driver, qt5-version a stacking window manager that cooks windows with orders from the waitron. useful collection of utilities (all plugins, right now) for bzr. geany wrapper for autodetect permissions/root kpart for rendering markdown content a library provides functions for manipulating unicode strings and for manipulating c strings a simple qt5 front end for xrandr binary grep bed: beamer editor, gui for latex beamer presentations. go front-end for gcc (developmental version) enhanced task app for owncloud bitcoin classic versions of bitcoind, bitcoin-cli, bitcoin-tx, and bitcoin-qt, most recent stable branch, w/gui and wallet mygtkmenu improved; gtk2, gtk3 standalone & lightweight menu written in c blackmagic decklink sdk an implementation of the c standard library ros - tf2_geometry_msgs. a scala implementation of the lightning network netcat-like utility for websockets trained language data for tesseract ocr engine pure fastcgi interface free and open source api and drivers for immersive technology. supports oculus rift. use vim and ex mode as a stream editor a tool to help find memory-management problems in programs snowflake database command line and jdbc client a generic voting application for django projects. version 0.1 novell groupwise 8 client for linux efilter query language automatically helps determine supported rubies based on .travis.yml file a plugin to use the omegle.com service in pidgin a tool to generator rosinstall files a virtual network service for openstack - l3 agent a set of utilities for manipulating mpq (mopaq) archives, which are used by blizzard in most of their games. ros - fcl is a collision checking library. c library for high performance linear algebra computations. (mingw-w64) ros - libraries and examples for rosserial usage on embedded linux enviroments. simple radio astronomy for gnuradio. advanced twin panel file manager for kde. (git version) mutes spotify advertisements. a brazilian portuguese male voice for the mbrola synthesizer save and recover data from unreliable media a bash implementation of 2048 puzzle game extensible periodic table of the elements free, open, simple blogging platform a gpu accelerated modeler and slicer for 3d printing modern asynchronous c api for cloud-based client-server communication an intelligent archive extraction tool plugin that monitors customizable programs stdout for the xfce4 panel a free software that gathers information on cpu, motherboard and more ruby/rsvg is a ruby binding of librsvg-2.x. ros - navfn provides a fast interpolated navigation function that can be used to create plans for a mobile base. a protocol plugin for remmina to connect via vnc using ultravnc viewer. historical copy of the base applications module of kde 1, adapted to compile on modern systems (circa. 2016) uinput level keyboard mapper for linux a game about burning things upgrade notifier w/ aur support, watched (aur) packages, news [git] dash peer-to-peer network based digital currency (cli) polish diphone female voice for festival. (polski zenski glos) a flat theme for gnome 3.10. latest commit from github. type constraints for bytes and chars kodi platform support library cyberduck cli common files needed for train timetable data for the timetable search engines by chaps. the sra toolkit and sdk from ncbi is a collection of tools and libraries for using data in the insdc sequence read archives. archlinux version of the official antergos greeter tool to check vdr recordings for errors utility for indents c/c source programs vtuner client for virtual dvb's declarative xml processing for python. coreos-cloudinit a wrapper for sdl which lets you force fullscreen games to minimize. pure perl implementation for an xml-rpc client and server http client/server library (mingw-w64) for making font samples that show unicode coverage of the font and are similar in appearance to unicode charts (includes pdfoutline). ros - rqt_nav_view provides a gui for viewing navigation maps and paths. an opensource implementation of the openmax integration layer api - xvideo component force coercion when validating type constraints qml presentation system liquidshell is an alternative to plasmashell text editor and corrector implementation by tom almy an embeddable expression evaluation engine slovene hunspell dictionary python2 bindings for libshout it's breath icon theme revisited by mbc mozilla runtime environment, 32-bit upstream build solaris porting layer kernel modules. get out of my way, window manager! python library for creating and manipulating html documents python library for working with correlated gaussian variables columnar store for analytics with postgresql a python 2 wrapper for the (undocumented) amazon echo api magic: the gathering modern promos for magic set editor. libretro implementation of prboom. (doom) libretro implementation of mednafen's pce fast. (supergrafx, tg-16, pc engine, tg-cd) find ctfs of electron micrographs romanian dictionary for wps office epson printer driver (artisan 730, 837 / stylus photo px730wd, px830fwd) panzi's fork of qjoypad with some small additional features and some bug/memory leak fixes. python 3 library to monitor filesystem events. pypdf2 library for python3 accounting economic system for person and business. server and client in one package. an efficient blocker for chromium lltd link layer topology discovery daemon telephony client seqan is an open source c library of efficient algorithms and data structures for the analysis of sequences with the focus on biological data library for picotech oscilloscope 6000 series a color formater for python logging a lilypond sheet music text editor. object oriented client interface to interact with servers supporting stomp the official gui for mongodb (beta version) an authentication service for creating and validating credentials. it is designed to be highly scalable for use in an hpc cluster environment. a wrapper for ffmpeg's libavformat and libavcodec, implementing addframe, avifile, aviinfo and aviread. a terminal integrated ssh/telnet client - git checkout ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. a modern implementation of dbm four consistent styles across light-weight wms for xde is a module for accessing to rtorrent's scgi functions. the xml c parser and toolkit of gnome. older version (32-bit) a cosmology package for python object oriented implementation of distributions chat logger for matrix standalone mail/news reader - earlybird channel the english wiktionary for dictd et al. ros - kdl binding for tf2. qt4 graphical front-end for netctl. a part of netctl-gui resolve public identifiers and remap system identifiers script allows to configure the system, install some applications for a regular work day thinked in developers, gamers,and more. free desktop application that delivers fast, reliable and secure access to the open internet. (stable channel, binary) haskell binding to libcurl knewstuff the last people on earth are buried deep within the center of the earth, trapped in the bowels of an insane computer for the past hundred and nine years. python2 svn extension. nginx configurator for easy load balancer setup a timer for pomodoro technique italian language pack for pale moon browser minimalistic data validation utility to share your gps device on local network mistral client library project to package the swconfig utility from openwrt for archlinuxarm on bpi-r1 a c/c source generation from an ast community client for peercoin peer-to-peer network digital currency (daemon) systems programming language focused on safety, speed and concurrency curses library for mingw-w64 a gui for the command line gdx-texturepacker free implementation of the .net platform including runtime and compiler. alpha version. gnome shell extension disabling hotcorners a tool that will normalize the xml and other data inside of a ufo. multiplatform irregular verbs learning tool nersc shifter: linux containers for hpc a dynamic window manager for x fonts from adobe acrobat reader x including myriad pro, myriad cad, minion pro, courier std and adobe pi std git credential helper using gnome keyring slovak dictionary for wps office elegant brit style for fluxbox module and command line utility to save spoken text to mp3 via the google text to speech (tts) api customizeable wayland compositor written in rust daemonize aria2c open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. an open implementation of fortinet's proprietary pppssl vpn solution gui test tool and automation framework a high-performance 2d rigid body physics library graphql for go network configuration and profile scripts (install only if you really know that you want this instead of netctl). includes patch to make wifi-menu work, openrc and systemd initscripts. ethereum wallet from git releases library for collision detection between two convex shapes. report on applications with inherited security advisories a video grabber for arte catch up tv - qt5 version a fully featured mpd client, which runs in a terminal (using ncurses). enables dynamic control of xfree86 xterm properties lightweight selection translator (gtk) easy to use progress bars additional background-images for ffdiaporama from texturemate.com virtualbox software developer kit (sdk) scalable private messaging solarized versions of numix gtk2 and gtk3 theme, compatible with gtk 3.20 python wrapper around the yahoo! weather, weather.com and noaa apis lire les fichiers tachographs issus de cardpeek ou autres dans un format humainement compréhensible cross platform c network library the pastebin client with an attitude the linux kernel and modules (git version) use a dropbox (shared) folder as a true git remote displays stack trace in html ssoclient. (python2 version) a package for solving ordinary differential equations and differential algebraic equations a chameleon theme for gnome shell which can change colors according to the current gtk theme, current wallpaper (uses imagemagick to get color) or a user defined color. libraries for building reactive services in perl6 - websocket part quickly open cli search results in your favorite editor html5 presentation builder written in python a minimal image viewer using raw xlib. ros - ros-ified version of gmapping slam. set of tools for web scraping projects a program for submitting x.509 certificate chains to certificate transparency log servers. clamav unofficial signatures updater maintained by extremeshok.com python2 (tk) ham radio dx-cluster gui online office suite comprising viewers and editors for texts, spreadsheets and presentations mkinitcpio minimal block hooks for live usb sticks displays information about background processes trosh: the movie: the game simple nntp proxy with ssl support. check your or others' runescape levels, or compare the levels of multiple players iscsi target stgt for arch linux utilities for sensible alternative selection basically it's a little like tetris except with a twist. a ncurses clone of minesweeeper written in c the thor video codec is a block-based hybrid video codec similar in structure to widespread standards. scalable, architecturally sound, and extensible xmpp server optimize (lossless compress, optionally lossy) images (jpeg, png, gif, svg) using external utilities. lightweight framework for online analytical processing (olap) and multidimensional analysis a lightweight c template library for vector and matrix math, a.k.a. linear algebra less css converter for jekyll support library for libgcrypt (mingw-w64) font for 3 of 9 barcodes (sometimes called code 39) system management base plugin simple emacs-perl interaction taskbar plugin which mimicks the windows 7 taskbar (pinning applications, etc) shared code for fofix and fof:r ros - qt_gui_py_common provides common functionality for gui plugins written in python. basic directory searching utilities of the gnu operating system a 2d fantasy underwater action-adventure game (open source edition of the engine = original v1.1.3  many improvements) google cloudprint proxy for cups - development version collection of lv2 plugins modern graphical system monitor, standalone version a template library for statically typed object trees inconsolata-g for powerline xmb menu assets for retroarch (git-latest) kdbus kernel module reverse engineering tool that lets you disassemble, decompile and debug your applications router for openstreetmap data a python implementation of the parquet format. ros - messages and services for the controller manager. libva support for partially hardware accelerated encode and decode on haswell and newer subversive svn connectors apertium language data for the welsh-english translator. c-family abstract syntax tree xml output tool. the blarb programming language. all variants of nerd-font-patched dejavu sans mono with completepowerline option gtk2 patched with ahodesuka's filechooser-icon-view patch. a small desktop program you can install on your pc or mac which spiders websites’ links, images, css, script and apps from an seo perspective. tunein integration for nuvola player. networkmanager gui connection editor and widgets, with appindicator quick and small memcached client for python nintendo gc/wii core mate keyboard library (gtk2 version) query weather forecasts from forecast.io wechat devtools linux version. ros - qt_gui_cpp provides the foundation for c-bindings for qt_gui and creates bindings for every generator available. an application intended to sort files of the image type in graphic mode. algorithm::loops - looping constructs: nestedloops, mapcar*, filter, and nextpermute* ros - this package contains a tool to convert unified robot description format (urdf) documents into collaborative design activity (collada) documents. data files for polygen a true color retexture pak for quetoo and other quake2 engines supporting 32bpp tga textures a tool that optimizes pdf files for viewing on mobile readers a tool for automated mitm attacks on ssl connections a free remake of, and tribute to, the 26 year old original role-playing game m.u.l.e. make long term backups of openpgp keys by printing only the secret bits on paper. a terminal widget for qt mythtv pvr client addon for kodi a plugin for osvr that provides access to oculus rift trackers from osvr applications. the llvm compiler infrastructure (runtime libraries, 32-bit) legacy gnome window manager med stands for modelisation et echanges de donnees, i.e. data modelization and exchanges - med is code-aster exchange module linked to hdf5 an application which sync files between your computers and synology nas vuplus pvr client addon for kodi launch many intances of hogc (wip!) multiplayer only fps. a recreation of goldeneye64 as a half-life 2 mod using source engine sdk 2013. a cat translation tool, requires memsource subscription a binary protocol generator ros - this package has been released upstream. a fast pure-python database engine, using a pythonic, no-sql syntax python interface to librtmp (python2 version) an xs implementation of the heap::simple interface javafx visual layout tool that lets users quickly design javafx application user interfaces, without coding fortune cookies: portal 2 (video game) x11 render extension wire protocol - git version argos 3 large-scale robot simulator x convert file audio common c routines used by gtk 2.4 and other libs variant of numix-manjaro with larger borders (coming from straight variant) a finite element analysis program source code indexer and code navigation tool for c/c code. script to automate setting up hibernation a free, multiplatform music player app that streams from multiple sources. gnome shell extension, workspaces to dock, transform gnome shell's overview workspaces into an intelligent dock. yaml parser and emitter in c, written around the yaml 1.2 spec a desktop client for the soulseek peer-to-peer file sharing network optimized and extended zsh-syntax-highlighting a subversion library for java hackable text editor for the 21st century, based on web technologies - git channel. a python module that can be used to speed up the execution of a large collection of regular expressions plugin to save optimized images for display on web pages havm is a tree intermediate language interpreter. a set of qml components for mobile/desktop convergent applications made by kde ros - camera_calibration_parsers contains routines for reading and writing camera calibration parameters. ros - rqt_action provides a feature to introspect all available ros action (from actionlib) types. a stealth puzzle game that lets you rewire its levels to trick people a module to manipulate color information easily. ros - move_slow_and_clear. library which abstracts the storage of configuration settings kconfig android sdk sources, api-22 stm32 discovery line linux programmer. a lightweight qt5 desktop for freebsd -- git version kernel module for mediatek mt7610u wifi chipset featured in tp-link archer t2u and t2uh, tp-link tl-wdn5200, asus usb-ac50, asus usb-ac51, comcast xfinity kxw02aaa, d-link dwa-171 rev b1 and more auto-connect for non-hilink huawei usb dongles headers and libraries which allow building with bcunit cunit-based projects voice recordings for freeswitch a collection of libraries and applications implementing large parts the dicom standard a minimal role-playing game for git to grind out xp while you grind out bugfixes samples for the dialog, a tool to display dialog boxes from shell scripts the usbmuxd communication interface library a configurable set of widget styles for kde and gtk. python xml, dependency for selinux-refpolicy vmware vsphere command-line interface (vcli); run commands against vsphere and esx/esxi shows local weather conditions in a windowmaker dockapp a collection of unrestricted dnd5e-compatible typefaces modular initramfs image creation utility - git checkout lua (5.1) bindings for canvas draw library a sans serif, unicode-compliant font designed especially for literacy use rjsmin is a javascript minifier written in python dns tool that displays information about your domain calibration tool for touchscreens based on n-trig technology (unofficial) linear models in python. japanese outline fonts based on ipaex fonts (otf-ipaexfont) an implementation of the board game nine men's morris sound input/output selector indicator for ubuntu/unity binarix - a matrix styled linux console locker android google apis arm eabi v7a system image, latest api a command-line tool for managing clouds trisquel gnu/linux icon theme, based on gnome brave icon theme a collection of sound icons for speech-dispatcher an open tool implementing some recommended practices for analyzing alchemical free energy calculations header files and scripts for building modules for linux-bfq-mq-git kernel xcb cursor management library morning_star gtk themes collection utility for creating decssed images of protected dvds next generation of the python high-level scripting language a purely functional package manager for the gnu system official sass port of bootstrap provide information on conflicts for module::runtime a croation male voice for the mbrola synthesizer ros - generalized client side source for rosserial. a collection of routines used to create png format graphics files (1.5 branch) a distributed hierarchical task network planner. simple zenity exit dialog document viewer for files like pdf and postscript. x-apps project. an improved version of e4rat, a toolset to accelerate the boot process and application startups. a cpu benchmark utility open source xrd and rietveld refinement. simulating mechanical systems easily a caldav web client an implementation of the arc programming language. (git version) the amdgpu pro userspace interface to kernel drm services portable foreign function interface library (mingw-w64) a font based on edward johnston's london underground type designed for london transport in 1915 wreak destruction through three pastel-shaded shmup stages. xaw3d library for xpaint fast parser based on parsing expression grammars (pegs) - python 2 version. openstack cloud computing fabric controller an extraterrestrial sandbox adventure game utility for managing and monitoring unix systems simple graphical batch image resizer - git version oslo concurrency library sqlite module for php cloudflare api proxy. cut and merge mpeg2-ps files at gop boundaries without reencoding. raspberry pi sense hat python library osu 0.35um open-source standard cell set a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files (m68k-elf) russian localization for bugzilla python bindings for the ldns library for dns programming (ubuntu repackage) converts a python dictionary or other native data type into a valid xml string. chinese truetype fonts by ministry of education of taiwan government, support cns11643 standard, including kai and sung fontface. a gopher file system for fuse. kernel headers sanitized for use in userspace (powerpc-linux-gnu) shellcheck, without the 130mb haskell dependencies embedded key-value store for fast storage bi-directional git to bzr bridge: never fear bzr again a high level library for reading and generating qr codes. a classic bomberman-like game with multiplayer support (development version) the netsurf buildsystem gui for radare2 and pyew encode/decode caeser, vignere, and rot13 ciphers a platform for distributed ledger solutions, underpinned by a modular architecture delivering high degrees of confidentiality, resiliency, flexibility and scalability drivers for various xerox printers droid sans mono for powerline (dotted zero) an amr encoder easy aliasing of methods and attributes in moose. a general framework for graph optimization library made from sox rate converter monospace font for pretty code listings and for the terminal, with cyrillic and greek support. customizable tetris(tm) for the terminal - unstable development version linux software raid monitoring plugin for nagios a collection of cookie files for fortune-mod in russian. a python logging system handler which broadcasts log messages and a matching receiver executable. commandline ia32/amd64 documentation music playback and management application open source tool for sound visualization and manipulation udf reader. (git version) content term extraction using pos tagging fast symbolic manipulation library, written in c a simple netcat wrapper a faster, safer, easier javascript a port of node.js's eventemitter to python. trustedgrub for anti evil maid. program to help manage many of xkb features of x window. based on the aliens movie and from the creator of doomrl. strict, simple, lightweight rfc3339 functions a printed circuit board routing software a functional style c11 library for parsing command line arguments a distributed newsql database compatible with mysql protocol firmware for mediatek mt7601u usb bgn wifi dongle, needed for linux 4.2 nicer zlib interface if placed in the proper directory, this script greets the user and offers some potentially interesting information about the system's current resources. application and library for reading bar codes from various sources open source asn.1 compiler implements tack in pure python decred daemon written in go medical image viewer and dicom client. compatible with parallel installation of the package 'dcmtk'. adobe icc profiles news reader for kde. standalone version coinstallable with kdepim>=15.08 phatch is a simple to use cross-platform gui photo batch processor. mato is a material design inspired icon theme for linux. it features simple and modern icons based on the official icons. weechat compiled with python3 instead of python2, experimental ros - messages and services for the controller manager. finding errors using n-gram data, hebrew text fortune quotes from two guys, a girl and a pizza place an abstract engine for text editing this contrib extension provides an automated way to document cli programs mailnag gnome online accounts plugin provides an xs boost for some of type::tiny's built-in type constraints export entries from systemds' journal and send them to a graylog server using gelf gnome unicode charmap (gtk2 version) a basic decorative otf font by neale davidson based on the logo of the popular neverwinter nights computer game from bioware (and has since become the official font!) parameterized testing with any python test framework per-file options and keybindings for mpv classic msx race game remade by brain games a script to help you manage your notes and access them quickly network monitoring tools, including ping a python library for building graphql schemas/types fast and easily ros - base dependencies and support libraries for ros. resource agent for microsoft exchange using exchange web services (ews) protocol package for using processes which mimics the threading module calendar widget for tkinter educational game based on multimedia elements a c library for accessing cd-rom books, supports eb, ebg, ebxa, ebxa-c, s-ebxa and epwing formats. swiss java knife is cli tool for jvm diagnostic, troubleshooting and profiling el general icon theme by fabián alexis pretty print your ruby objects with style dramatic audiovisual enhancements for fs2_open wolfenstein: enemy territory is a completely free, standalone, team-based, multiplayer fps (etpro mod) abstract base class to build modules to capture output. api to wordpress xml rpc calls r package containing ttf2pt1 for use with the extrafont package nvidia driver sources for linux-zen collection of modules for py3status java swing look and feel theme integrated with kde oxygen extract data from gcm and szs files. contains gcmdump, yaz0dec, and rarcdump spir-v header files a cross-platform batch image-converter and resizer with a powerful and ease of use experience. get a public suffix for a domain name using the public suffix list. a modern audio book player for linux using gtk 3. logical mysqldump backup plugin for holland canon ij printer driver for pixma mg2100 (mg2140, mg2150, etc) multifunction a toy for visualizing coxeter polytopes libvirt wrapped in a shell. openrc udisks2 init script utilities and scripts for suspend and hibernate power management simple python graphics library. discrete-event network simulator for internet systems ascii85 encoder/decoder a (work-in-progress) nextgen doxygen for c remove hidden information from the document - macros, dialogs, form elements, user fields, etc. google noto ttf fonts (lite version) scripts used by libquvi (version 0.4) pdf plugin for (yet another java hylafax client). lxdm with consolekit support enabled sampling-rate conversion and filter design utilities red crucible®: reloaded - free to play online fps abstract dark theme for sddm by 3ximus secure multithreaded packet sniffer editor for embedded image metadata openfabrics alliance infiniband simulator utilities utilities for rescue and embedded systems gtk2::ex::splash -- toplevel splash widget trash-put made compatible to gnus rm and rmdir header files and scripts for building modules for linux-nvme kernel alien::base::modulebuild - a module::build subclass for building alien:: modules and their libraries oslo policy the reference net workshop - gui prompt plug-in a tool to build d and bisect old d versions monospace font for programmers, successor of monoone perl extension for getting pid info. automatic ruby code style checking tool. robust, thread-safe lightweight single header only c logging library collection of routines for the creation, and manipulation of non-uniform rational b-splines (nurbs), based on the nurbs toolbox by mark spink. texinfo-like syntax for manpages no capitalization on method names jpeg information utility ros - package for nodelet tutorial. automatically mock your http interactions to simplify and speed up testing a versatile package to perform molecular dynamics, i.e. simulate the newtonian equations of motion for systems with hundreds to millions of particles. development branch. a simplified object-oriented python wrapper for libpcap reads/writes compressed trajectory files. applet allowing separate configuration of pulseaudio mixers voice recordings for freeswitch lua 5.1 bindings for iup gui toolkit command line tool to share your unix terminal and forward local tcp ports to people you trust. a new lossy image format for the internet basic linear algebra subprograms (mingw-w64) parallel file download client lightweight music player ros - conversion functions between: - eigen and kdl - eigen and geometry_msgs. a simple multithreaded sshd password bruteforcer using a wordlist. a dvorak typing tutor. it's heavily based on dvorak7min, but adds many improvements. simple virtual terminal emulator for x from github. cffi wrapper for hidapi a library and registry for information about mime content type definitions an attempt at creating a safer, faster, and more stable browser (stable channel) websocket protocol a fast json parsing and encoding support for lua. displays the status of all available dvb devices terminal screen handling and optimization package a music-centric programming environment, originally built for the raspberry pi. epix - utilities for creating mathematically accurate figures script to deploy and run the collection of working tools included with cjdns a real-time adjustable equalizer plugin for alsa sound server. simple and user-friendly jabber/xmpp client for every device a simple ping program continiously probing multiple hosts using icmp-echo clone of pdb, fast and with the remote debugging and attach features asturian language pack for firefox beta vim filetype plugin for csv files bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - tape support for storage daemon a versatile package to perform molecular dynamics, i.e. simulate the newtonian equations of motion for systems with hundreds to millions of particles. cryptocurrency gui miner and mining pool apache esb that unifies features and functionality of activemq, camel, cxf, ode and karaf. power management tool for the mate desktop (gtk3 version) unit conversion program (qt) visualon advanced audio coding (aac) encoder (mingw-w64) byteball cryptocurrency wallet client. an easy-to-use personal finance suite a humane web text generator. blockchain-based marketplace for file storage goggles music manager gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugins (mingw-w64) voice recordings for freeswitch (x)html validator, an accessibility validator, a spell checker, and a broken links checker based on gifsicle which implements lossy lzw compression. it can reduce animgif file sizes 30%—50% at a cost of some dithering/noise. c bindings to cairo vector graphics library (32 bit) this library can be used as a module for fog or as standalone provider to use the stormondemand in applications. a distributed file system with disconnected operation. used to translate another window's content in its own window music player for gnome, similar to kdes amarok php extension and application repository a keyword-driven test automation framework a non-linear dv editor compression and decompression tools for nes, snes, and game boy games by hal laboratory system v release 4.0 curses emulation library (32-bit), abi 5 yet another part-of-speech and morphological analyzer. volume indexing tool designed for easy and fast indexing of cd/dvd and other type of volume collections. kauth free trial of xoctave application. an easy configuration tool for system and desktop settings a protocol plugin for remmina to execute an external process. kde channel approver for telepathy path-like access to complex data structures. an audioscrobbler client for mpd written in c. the game "the witch's house" also known as "majo no ie". simplified chinese ver. copies dvd .vob files to harddisk, decrypting them on the way tools used by adobe font developers for wrapping up postscript fonts as opentype/cff font files papirus theme for libreoffice a parser generator library based on ometa, and other useful parsing tools. github issues on the command line ros - this stack provides python bindings for qt. iconset for dark color schemes provides access to bluetooth hardware (mingw-w64) remote run utility; runs a command in an sshfs-mounted directory. mpv opengl (hardware rendering) player backend for gnome twitch a package manager for purescript based on package sets a slender monospace typeface. shape: default. marathi language pack for firefox beta python progress bar and percent indicator utility display hybrid and proleptic julian and gregorian calendar sheets an 8-bit atmel avr disassembler mythbuntu theme for mythtv common c classes and routines such as argument parser, io and conversion utilities (api documentation) this library can be used as a module for fog or as standalone provider to use the terremark vcloud in applications. next byte codes (nbc) compiler for the lego mindstorms nxt programmable brick englab toolbox for digital signal processing see the github contributions calendar of a user in the command line. run faust signal processors in pd userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat arvo devices dynamic mathematics software with interactive graphics, algebra and spreadsheet unofficial groupme app ocaml bindings for llvm (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.4/) ros - launch files for freenect_camera to produce rectified, registered or disparity images. provides an easy way to perform http requests. openvpn obfuscated with xor-patch which can bypass internet censoring an open source platform for continuous inspection of code quality a server for calendar sharing seamless r and c integration unscii is a set of bitmapped unicode fonts based on classic system fonts. unscii attempts to support character cell art well while also being suitable for terminal and programming use. based on the more peculiar glyph forms of the reference fonts. fortune cookies from joss whedon's firefly series. asian style font, clean and beautiful video editing software (uses the win32 api) give certain users the ability to run some commands as root - selinux support note: this is beta. use at your own risk. this is a python3 gtk3 wrapper for the exiv2 application, which is used to read and edit iptc (and other forms) of image metadata. it can handle bulk operations on directories of image files. an experimental qt gui for vim. built against qt5. a virtual network service for openstack - open vswitch plugin agent a simple qt checklist. html, xml, sax, and reader parser ocaml bindings for dssi plugins tree editor tred ros - this package contains messages for defining shapes, such as simple solid object primitives (cube, sphere, etc), planes, and meshes. toggl time tracking software ide for vhdl editing and browsing integrates the location bar and the search bar into one. assembly workbench for freecad v0.15 zsh zle tweak for emulating `...'==`../..', etc. automatic timezone updater a minimalistic approach to maximum control of your transmission. (web ui) spanish (argentina) language pack for seamonkey an ibm 3270 terminal emulator for the x window system a coptic font translation of the ox app suite html5 client (de_de) small and fast python based parser. inspired from ebnf and haskell. a java program and collection of libreoffice extensions for converting to and working with latex in libreoffice (develop release) some bsd-style programs including ncal and lorder. ros - this package contains a recent version of the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl), distributed by the orocos project. the doctest program checks examples in source code comments. it is modeled after doctest for python unholy screen locker (without slim) kjobwidgets ros - command line python console utilities (mostly for colourisation). a gothic font for japanese cups printer driver for samsung ml-1860 series forces the unavailability of specified perl modules (for testing) allows building your unity projects for the tizen platform disassembler for hotspot trained language data for tesseract ocr engine libretro port of o2em, an odyssey 2 / videopac emulator video acceleration (va) api for linux retrieve terminal size the configuration and utility perl module for autodia tool for liberating data tables trapped inside pdf files gnu c library (x32 abi) fork of geda-pcb with embedded scripting and other improvements. a user space threading library supporting multi-core systems an open-source firmware for cypress fx2 userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat tyon devices a tonemapper for ldr images a simple thumbnailer for apk files an ansi c library for quaternion arithmetic and rotation math the schematic and 3d libraries supported by ab2 tech fast and secure web browser and internet suite - legacy (pre blink) version common data for pale moon language packs a full featured, open source game development software, allowing to create html5 and native games without knowing a programming language. all the game logic is made thanks to an intuitive and powerful event based system. assert-like extension nodes that raise useful errors on failure ocaml bindings for llvm plantuml integration into eclipse ocf resource agents for rgmanager and pacemaker parse a cddb/freedb data file find the path to your perl javascript interpreter and libraries (32-bit) a c wrapper for gnome-vfs. vcard library, part of rolo project. nvidia 340xx drivers for linux-lqx. cairo 2d graphics library an astronomical image mosaic engine a hddtemp plugin for gkrellm2 a graphviz dot graph file viewer for kde certificate status monitor and pki enrollment client a c colour space library dump, plot, and convert impedance sweeps from a rigexpert antenna analyzer fastcgi process manager for php fast, compact, powerful binary serialization epson printer driver (px-5v) a lwp::useragent suitable for simulating and testing network calls scene-oriented, flexible 3d engine written in c. version 1.8. minimalist secure text editor and binary encryptor that implements rfc 4880 open pgp format a multi-robot simulator for outdoor environments (using ogre 1.10) finding errors using n-gram data, russian text a command line interface for english words pronunciation cython wrapper for the c translation of the angus johnson's clipper library keep local copies of remote files updated. draws mscs from textual descriptions capture video with video4linux2 structured type constraints for moose a kernel module for microchip mcp2210 usb-to-spi bridge caladeo is a serif font metrically compatible with cambria. a full software solution for 3d printing aimed at repraps and the ultimaker. plugin for the pidgin im providing integration with gnome-shell user status menu. ocs-store frontend.downloading and managing linux softwares,fonts,artworks,desktop-themes and so on. an advanced computer algebra system a simple sexp-based programming language. fast tldr client written in golang the pantheon screenshot tool vim indent script for php torch interface to hdf5 library simple index/database for huge amounts of small files generate a povray mesh or a postscript or pdf view from an stl file robotics service bus c implementation python calendar converter movie, video, book, image, software, and music cataloger/media manager. libretro implementation of libgambatte. (game boy color) record and share your terminal sessions, the right way. a port of various original plan 9 tools for unix, based on plan9port. a library for working with woff files. open source ifc library and geometry engine. provides only wrapper for python2. a frontend to glxinfo and vulkaninfo. a portable framework for low-level network packet construction lightweight wallet for the neo cryptocurrency yattag is a python library for generating html or xml in a pythonic way ros - http streaming of ros image topics in multiple formats. fritz ttf typefaces an arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant gedit syntax theme ros - mavlink message marshaling library. a tool to generate custom iosevka fonts from a configuration file c library for the raspberry pi php extension that allows to manipulate extended attributes on filesystems that support them lua (5.2) bindings for im toolkit api for using and interacting with the activity manager skype sqlite database viewer and merger haml syntax highlighting for gtksourceview executes jobs in parallel to complete all jobs as fast as possible zip file extraction library (32-bit) repository of useful code written in guile scheme openstack common libraries - internationalization and translation library the statistical analysis tool for git repositories. the gnu compiler collection - c and c frontends (psp) moe.fm bash script client utility to process many files in parallel api documentation browser a simple multi-channel audio mixer (mingw-w64) fedora 11 (leonidas) backgrounds. cobalt blue colored themes for gtk 3.20 and openbox. transparent redirector of any tcp connection to proxy using your firewall perl return::type cpan module send currently installed packages to cpcache support --remote and friends for neovim free implementation of the .net platform including runtime and compiler ephoto: image viewer based on efl dbix::class extension to update and create date and time based fields netcdf c bindings (mingw-w64) the olsr.org implementation of the optimized link state routing protocol. ros - the dynamicedt3d library implements an inrementally updatable euclidean distance transform (edt) in 3d. display information about the current request/response present policykit information in a human-readable form. an opensource implementation of the openmax integration layer api - audiotemplates component free powerful charting framework based on wxwidgets gui for picotech oscilloscope a tetromino jigsaw puzzle game tpm enabled grub2 bootloader dos2unix text file converter bluejeans desktop app for video calls rsb process monitoring app::rad - rapid (and easy!) creation of command line applications a new attempt at evolving customizepkg. openttd with jgr's patch pack lpr-to-cups wrapper for brother mfc-6490cw multifunction network printer a tool to handle firebird database management xstow is a replacement of gnu stow written in c. it supports all features of stow with some extensions. ecmwf observational data library chrome / chromium extension that provides a customizable new tab page. offers: rss feeds, weather forecast, notes and bookmarks free desktop application that delivers fast, reliable and secure access to the open internet. simple to-do list manager for gnome fast check if object is inside polygon redundant data find - a program that finds duplicate files. an extensive math library for js which also includes a powerful cli interface loggerhead (bzr web interface) wsgi script a file sharing program written in rust. a software tool for the visualization and annotation of 3d image data. it was developed for the rapid reconstruction of neural morphology and connectivity. moksha winlist-ng module built from git sources simple scanning utility - the version before they broke everything brother hl-l2320d cups driver pure is a modern-style functional programming language based on term rewriting (variant with perl regex support). the pantheon calculator a simple script that "does something" jack plugin for the deadbeef music player rfc 3986 compliant, unicode-aware, scheme-agnostic replacement for urlparse a sophisticated build-tool for erlang projects that follows otp principles. fortune cookies: collection of quotes from the star wars movies client tools for review board twisted websockets simple command line player for gsf files based on a winamp plugin an ffmpeg/libav based source library and avisynth/vapoursynth plugin for easy frame accurate access. (git version) hypervisor-agnostic docker runtime summarize system info from sosreports javascriptcore-4.0 for python (for use with webkit2gtk-4.0) ros - rqt_web is a simple web content viewer for rqt. a monospace font, created by programmers, for programmers a web browser that stops ads and trackers by default. master branch. use portend to monitor tcp ports for bound or unbound states. a source-lines of code counter. txjson-rpc allows you to create async python json-rpc servers and clients either over http or directly on tcp with the netstring protocol. txjson-rpc is written in twisted. linux infrared remote control utils. git version. an efficient gthread implementation for gcc (mingw-w64) an instrument editor for gigasampler files a caja extension to quickly share a folder (gtk3 version) a perl script to deliver rss feeds to maildirs. a first-person shooter by epic games based on unreal engine 4. integrate git-subtree with drush make for automated and efficient drupal builds. a simple program to combine multiple i3bar json inputs into one to forward to i3bar. a little program that is meant to encode/decode data to/from qr codes. automatically manage imports in python javascript to python translator & javascript interpreter written in 100% pure python a highly configurable linux bluetooth scanner with optional web interface a graphical application for online map publishing a first person adventure/survival horror game x11 screen saver extension library (vala bindings). a x11 backlight dimming, screen lock, and cursor management tool for laptops. adds easy cache support to flask a python unittest test runner that outputs newline delimited json results plugin for vapoursynth: havsfunc sat_tmp aims to temporary store files needed by salut-a-toi (sat). these monkey patchs are not merged upstream yet. for now, only wokkel is impacted. ros - rqt_py_common provides common functionality for rqt plugins written in python. maintains a history of previous yanks, changes and deletes. cuda information utility. a non-reparenting, dynamic window manager for x11 with decorations voice recordings for freeswitch fast gf(256) cauchy mds block erasure codec in c dynamic x menu - with xft, mouse, height, history, and fuzzy search support a plugin that adds sounds for some sound notifications to pidgin (e.g. 'incoming filetransfer' or 'authentication requested') a space flight combat game ros - embeds the tclap library inside the ecl. udev event dispatcher for unprivileged users generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - yacs module benchmark tool for evaluating os parameters that are important for a system running a database under intensive load. gtk sokoban clone utility for finding pairs of music files in a collection based on audio fingerprint objective caml libs for curses windows programs on linux, easily python bindings for the linux input handling subsystem simple revision control with modern ui for single-file projects automating clojure projects without setting your hair on fire. (standalone version without selfupdates) provides access to hardware and virtual serial ports (mingw-w64) a modern list api for emacs bootstrap confidence interval estimation monospaced font with programming ligatures utilities for rescue and embedded systems a python library for accessing the entire twitter api a free tv guide program written in java a framework for testing smtp-based applications and libraries a sega saturn emulator. qt5 port (git version) yet another ini parser perl amazon::ses cpan module plugins for audacious (qt5 interface) python 3 package that provides encoding and decoding routines that enable the serialization and deserialization of numerical and array data types provided by numpy using the highly efficient msgpack format. google noto cjk fonts, use otf type to solve some font fallback problems libcitygml is a small and easy to use open source c library for parsing citygml files in such a way that data can be easily exploited by 3d rendering applications. one kde servicemenu for encfs encrypted directories. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a text-based application for securely storing and managing passwords a library of routines for managing a database the package contains code for basic functions in fuzzy logic for octave. determine web browser, version, and platform from an http user agent string javascript vnc client download .gitignore files for a given language. make your class provide a familiar "param" method none find a minimum required version of perl for perl code smtp client for humans openscad utility functions glimpse measurement client. kernel module for hp omnibook,pavilion,toshiba and compal acl00 laptops utility for controlling network drivers and hardware kingsoft office (wps office) is an office productivity suite a simple script that helps you check weather condition using site : http://wttr.in music player and management application for gnome the backgrounds included in linux mint 17.3 rosa a scriptable environment for controlling jackdbus clients open source services framework epson printer driver (wf-3010, wf-3520, wf-3530, wf-3540) a theme for gtk3, gtk2, metacity, xfwm4, gnome shell and unity - git version application for submitting tax return in poland waveengine - component based game engine a simple frontend script for creating, mounting and umounting luks encrypted disk images oslo vmware library for openstack projects python bindings for symengine micro template engine with perl5 language pnp utils utility to automatically download rss enclosures syntax extension for inline benchmarks a validating xml parser written in c automatically closes tabs python thread-safe counter using cffi simple, lightweight, dependable cli for apache zookeeper open source computer vision library plugin for vapoursynth: ctmf (git version) ros - provides zeroconf services on avahi for ros systems. a plasma theme for the kde3 nostalgics, similar to kde3's default style. a program to extract files from a yaffs image serve static files by one simple command tools for working with the ofx (open financial exchange) file format implements level 1 of w3's dom: xpath editor for the dark mod and doom 3 (idtech4) based games an irc client for desktop environments. an action-puzzle game inspired by lemmings firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - odia alternative keyboard layouts with miscellaneous useful typographic characters quick(qt) online music player fortune quotes from breaking bad netbeans ide for php turn-based space empire and galactic conquest (4x) computer game fast numpy array functions written in cython gtk debugging and development tool for gtk2 applications a library with common classes and functionality used by qt5 finance applications. remote control and programm behringer x air mixers colourizing a system logs for easier reading. modern graphical system monitor, avant window navigator applet an "hg prompt" command for viewing mercurial repository information. noeljunior's pscripts: some handy scripts for users and sysadmins python library for the hue api, suite of nonlinear differential/algebraic equation solvers a font developed from the now famous world war 2 poster. the open source modelica suite - openmodelica model optimizer graphical hardware monitor displaying your realtime cpu and memory load with colored charts oracle java 8 development kit (32-bit) a set of classes and functions to model the dynamics of rigid body systems. a drift-diffusion simulator for 3d semiconductor devices job queue server tools to make searching and viewing easy. a c11 implementation of deep learning for limited computational resource, embedded systems and iot devices simple gtk hangman game switchboard universal access plug interactive memory viewer it allows desktop mail actions, such as 'send file as email' or web 'mailto' links, to be handled by the gmail web client. notification daemon for the xfce desktop - git checkout a dead-simple but powerful tox client. an imlib2-based system to have interactive 'desklets' some i2p middleware for seedless wayland bridge/frameserver for arcan an extension to tcl/tk for object-oriented programming ros - kobuki-specific ros plugins for gazebo. json parser and writer for ocaml, with optional c-style comments os-agnostic, system-level binary package manager and ecosystem replacement for notify-send written in rust. generic touchscreen calibration program for x.org tool to convert proprietary bank statement to ofx format, suitable for importing to gnucash quicktext is an extension for thunderbird that lets you create templates that can be easily inserted into your own emails crontab sentry error reporter a family of perl modules to streamline writing naemon, nagios, icinga or shinken (and compatible) plugins. tint2 plugin for vera simple monitor server for pacman and aur updates ros - rqt_image_view provides a gui plugin for displaying images using image_transport. an easy to use build system. designed to be make/autotools for the 21st century. (with semplice linux patches) cw tutor & generator - program suite - ham radio - git version a binding for lua to the sqlite3 database library a configuration tool for the lightdm display manager the bayesian filtering library provides a framework for inference in dynamic bayesian networks sound effects files for eternal lands perl6 module management the open source cfd toolbox language files for the macaon natural language processing tools ads-b/mode s ground station system for simple rtl-sdr decoding/translating (mutability fork). asynchronous sshv2 client and server library dillon's lightweight cron daemon indicator showing session management, status and user switching act on upper scopes. helm ui for projectile cloud music integration for your linux desktop python nmea library - a small library to help read and parse nmea data all-purpose markdown editor based on electrum lightscribe host software for linux a cross-platform open-source make system setup qtile as window manager of gnome 3 check for uncleaned imports alliance for open media codec library with encoders and decoders for av1 opengl and vulkan debugging tool platform-independent module for i/o completion events a computer program for simulating groundwater flow, solute transport, and multicomponent geochemical reactions (no mpi) extract audio samples from .aw files using metadata in .wsys files a high-level python web framework that encourages rapid development and clean design (version 1.7) estonian dictionary for aspell. simple beeping countdown timer desktop version of the classic falling sand physics sandbox, simulates air pressure, velocity & heat! the htsp vlc plugin allows vlc to act as a standalone tvheadend client. z80 assembler lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j430w none pure language and library documentation, latest snapshot ros - launch files to start the openni2_camera drivers using rgbd_launch. a unified command-line interface for linting and fixing all your code, regardless of the programming languages you use. provides apis for wayland cantor (https://edu.kde.org/cantor/) with experimental sygnm backend platform cable usb and digilent usb-jtag support for xilinx (impact) dvd and blu-ray to mkv converter and network streamer a tool to work with rosdistro files perl extensions for keeping data partially sorted printing on a remote printer via ssh driver to adjust display backlight on modern mobile nvidia graphics adapters. gpredict is a real-time satellite tracking and orbit prediction application. a library to assist the building of pygtk applications gnome shell extension to hide the legacy tray bar a simple http server for perl6 an open source program that monitors temperature sensors, fan speeds, voltages, load and clock speeds of a computer. an easy-to-use, pythonic and complete imap client library with no dependencies outside the python standard library ros - this package contains a number of urdf tutorials. selinux policy core utilities tool for creating normal maps, also known as dot3 bump maps, which generate a 2.5d effect in different game engines including cocos2d-x rearranges the pages in a pdf to be printed as a book (or booklet). print double-sided in "short-edge" mode. the minimalist fan control program production-grade container scheduling and management - binary version of aur-kubernetes brewing assistant and beer recipe design piecewise linear bijections between triangulated surfaces centralized management system for ubiquiti unifi ap oracle java 8 runtime environment opus plugin for the deadbeef music player unicode-encoded opentype fonts for church slavonic ical feeds for django based on django's syndication feed framework a command line interface (cli) based tool for managing ocz enterprise ssd including firmware and bios updates. lxqt system configuration. private npm repository server shared gsettings schemas for the desktop lsi openpegasus libs a free software data analysis and visualization application, for two and three-dimensional graphical presentation of data sets and functions. an implementation of rtp, the real-time transport protocol from the ietf implementation of the vtp (video transfer protocol): client-side an automated pentesting tool that lets you know if your mongodb instances are properly secured teeproxy from chrislusf qt4 port of dvbcut, an mpeg2 video editing software a subtitle editor ros - geometry_msgs provides messages for common geometric primitives such as points, vectors, and poses. mathsat 5 is an efficient smt solver supporting a wide range of theories and functionalities 爱壁纸 a pure python lex/yacc that works with rpython add colored arch linux ascii art logo to early boot process church presentation software. native connector for integration with extensions.gnome.org guard helper gem for nanoc static site generator scheme in one day or scheme in one defun library providing a stateful interface to the pica200 gpu of the nintendo 3ds (ctr) for homebrew development collection of simple pin or passphrase entry dialogs which utilize the assuan protocol (libsecret enabled) execute a command when a file is changed. an exquisite version of df, reporting file system disk space usage. transparently tunnel your ip traffic through icmp echo and reply packets. a tool for extracting data from scanned graphs. a tweaked, more compact version of adwaita. language packs for k3b kf5 git version the mime-types library provides a library and registry for information about mime content type definitions language files for the macaon natural language processing tools run your qunit, mocha or jasmine tests from the command line with any browser image viewer for for arcan modular music composer for linux a gtk battery monitor for the sys-tray remote sensing and gis collection of tools for processing datasets including its bindings compiled for python 2.7 gnuradio blocks for receiving lora modulated radio messages using sdr playlist parser for xplayer. x-apps project (git version). ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) library for dcpomatic sstream locking multiplayer-action-tactic-skill game assaultcube reloaded ros - this package contains a set of messages that are used by the introspection interfaces for smach. file integrity / intrusion detection system adds routing functionality to postgis/postgresql a c wrapper for libgnomecanvas. python serialization module lightweight and fast battery icon that sits in your system tray u-boot for a13 olinuxino common emacs front-end for a number of distributed version control systems (currently arch, bazaar, git, mercurial, monotone) reboot and poweroff system from grub boot menu an emule-like client for ed2k p2p network this perl omni completion support basic moose syntax, variable name (array. hash .. ) completion, class method, object method completion, etc. ros - python interfaces to moveit. caffeinated packet analyzer a lightweight embedded firmware build tool an implementation of chinese board game junqi, or luzhanqi. simple usbmon frontend bookmark mode, which enhances vanilla emacs bookmarks in many ways a replacement api for libevent's current http api. provides a resizeable button to be used in an hlist column header. program that searches for new files integrates your smartphone in your desktop assamese language pack for firefox beta blackcoin is a pos-based cryptocurrency. provides blackcoind and blackcoin-qt a port of macro snobol4, supports full snobol4 language plus spitbol and other extensions. open xmpp:// and irc:// urls in pidgin opcodes perl module standalone web browser from mozilla.org, with telemetry, webrtc and signing disabled the secret of tremendous corporation - a point'n'click adventure game about max burton, young game developer wannabe, on an unexpected mission to save the game industry. colorful tab completion for python prompt minecraft skin editor the open source modelica suite - metapackage the card game skat as defined by the official skat order the standard arch kernel with the npt fix applied git client with hg and svn support. a lightweight xcb based bar with ported xft and ucs4 support. a document-oriented database written purely in python duck launcher application laucher by mark spurgeon <markspurgeon96@hotmail.com> x.org evdev input driver  at-home-modifier patch python bindings for yaml, using fast libyaml library (for pypy) pure is a modern-style functional programming language based on term rewriting (variant with perl regex support). a basic decorative medieval style ttf font family by paul lloyd perl extension for simple-minded recipe-controlled build of data a python library for accessing the entire twitter api play with other peoples' lexical variables full disk encryption with yubikey (yubico key) a markdown enabled document processor a flat colourful icon theme for gnome 3.10 a lightweight hotkey daemon portable abstraction library for dvd decryption (mingw-w64) brewing assistant and beer recipe design bitcoin vanity address generator written in c esperanto hunspell dictionary perforce command line client an open-source implementation of the opengl specification (32-bit) - non-libglvnd version mpris2 client, written in qml for plasma kde android arm eabi v7a system image, api-22 wolfenstein: enemy territory is a completely free, standalone, team-based, multiplayer fps a sexy command line interface musicbox for netease based on python a set of power tools for all fiction writers, whether experienced or just starting out paraview is an open-source, multi-platform data analysis and visualization application retriable is an simple dsl to retry failed code blocks with randomized exponential backoff platform-specific rowhammer tests (ivy bridge, sandy bridge, haswell, skylake) from the rowhammerjs project lightweight terminal emulator based on the vte and gtk libraries. a simple and fast parser generator breeze serie obsidian cursor theme, right handed. python bindings for nss and nspr smartshine photo - automation for the photographers zoem programming language yet another python profiler, but this time thread-aware doit automation tool simple text highlighting using terminal escape codes vim files for editing salt files computational chemistry library, that provides function to ghemical the linux kernel and modules with xanmod patches (git version) elegant markdown editor. integrate uget download manager with google chrome, chromium, vivaldi, opera and firefox common library with functions for tools developed at tilburg centre for cognition and communication (tilburg university) and center of language and speech technology (radboud university nijmegen) throttle presence updates in prosody to save power swiss-army knife for d source code wallpapers for liri os fast automated phishing attacks against wpa networks. a tool for locating installed aur orphans. a command line backup program written in python python 3 client for pathlib2 pyenv plugin to manage virtualenv (a.k.a. python-virtualenv) gtk widget for displaying openstreetmap tiles easily find live radio programs based on geographical location of radio broadcasters on the internet lightweight non-linear plugin host pam module to provide authentication against postgresql tables the amdgpu pro libgl library symlinks (32bit libraries) protocol library and tools for the antumbra glow x.org graphics driver for arm graphics (patched for sunxi) common unix printing system interface a library for accessing the content of pdf files alsamixer alike for pulseaudio. a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the i586-elf target conversion of the pearlhd-skin written by mapovi to a native vdr-plugin outputs a video on a 256-color enabled terminal with utf-8 locale darkest dungeon is a challenging gothic roguelike turn-based rpg about the psychological stresses of adventuring. python api for rf receivers including thinkrf wsa5000 a firewall daemon with d-bus interface providing a dynamic firewall userspace driver for the logitech g13 keyboard creates junit xml test result documents that can be read by tools such as jenkins. graph approach for highly generic communication schemes based on adaptive topologies ipa kmfl keyboard a scientific plotting library for gtkmm. a tool and library for rotating your password on online services app to track work time from timedoctor.com cli tool to convert docker images to aci. fix and identify issues with mp3 files automatic ssh tunneling tool tools for uart controllable si4010 based tunable ook/fsk rf transmitter software package for control of automated microscopes. cmmcore, mmstudio, python2 and java bindings send http ogg streams vim plugin for automatic time tracking and metrics generated from your programming activity. xstatic-jquery-migrate linuxsampler control protocol c library ros - utilities for flashing and enabling kobukis usb connection. a lightweight secured socks5 proxy for embedded devices and low end boxes (server resolve ipv6 first) a python implementation of ewmh (extended window manager hints) systemd integration for rtorrent a feature-rich java-based bittorrent client (previously called 'azureus') création off-line de livres-photos, calendriers, posters…, disponibles ensuite en ligne à l'achat auprès de la fnac modern c network library for developing high performance network services (git version) a high-quality data compression program (watcom-cross) allow file managers (nautilus,caja etc) to geterate thumbnails for stl files using openscad citrix xenserver tools the heirloom toolchest of standard unix utilities, derived from original unix tools. extra xfce icons for the gnome icon theme microsoft windows 7 latin and international truetype fonts llvm (runtime library, installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.4/) client for free online tv - parom.tv. a low-level ufo reader and writer. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-xanmod-git kernel raleway is an elegant sans-serif typeface family, initially designed by matt mcinerney, later expanded by pablo impallari and rodrigo fuenzalida. truetype version. notifier for 'music on console' using libnotify. brother cups and lpd driver for dcp-9010cn lets you build groups of accessors an advanced driver for razer chroma hardware in linux apertium language data for the esperanto-french translator. the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lalstochastic pidcat is a colored logcat script with improved readability that only shows log entries for a specific android package. a ctypes-based wrapper for glfw3. fortune quotes from rick and morty. gotta get schwifty a cross-platform, exchange-ready email client aiming to replace outlook a sophisticated software modeler google cloud print driver for cups, allows printing to printers hosted on google cloud print. (git version) dynamic menu library and client program inspired by dmenu with support for wayland compositors. gambas apps launcher a free, open-source uci chess engine, a derivative of fire 2.2 xtreme [git version] a uci chess engine based on gull 3 the very world is at your fingertips as you fight for survival, fortune, and glory. provides semi-portable access to hardware provided atomic memory operations (mingw-w64) 1password command line tool painless timelapsing to show off your productivity. command line argument parser library, like getopt, except better. bash version. computational chemistry package. version with enabled mpqc the original bowling game for the old atari 2600 game console a bittorrent library written in c. a c library for creating excel xlsx files. gkrellm plugin to monitor the capslock, numlock, and scrolllock keys a script to automatically maintain your vcs-based aur packages for you punjabi (india) language pack for firefox beta colorize the output of the 'ls' shell command via ls_colors a vivid and modern gtk icon theme webapp container implemented by qtwebkit, which provides some javascript api. final fantasy 7 field editor the firmware test suite is a tool to do automatic testing of a pc's firmware modules for accessing and working with data from the national institute of standards and technology (nist). ros - drivers for the asus xtion and primesense devices. a powerful nmap frontend. perl extension for the spread group communication system an atomix clone with a slight change in concept a simple, generic user-registration application for django logic game in which players solve a latin square. korean language pack for pale moon browser script for optimize firefox database driver for the onerng open hardware random number generator and entropy source a common, beautiful interface to tabular data, no matter the format a static analysis tool for php a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtv8) (5.1.x) fast, easy, and free bittorrent client (gtk gui), csd port application toolkit for programmers writing posix-compliant shell scripts canon ij scanner driver (common package) a free software library that implements the rsync remote-delta algorithm (rdiff) - development version a cli tool for automating the importing, securing and usage of nordvpn openvpn servers through networkmanager. one fonts of adobe's adobeheitistd.r style. whole-program, optimizing standard ml compiler analysis and generation of c code apertium language data for the esperanto-english translator. ros - some basic robot controllers for use with robot_controllers_interface. ruby package for reading and writing ini files. a collection of programs that can be used in a debian/rules file to automate common tasks simple pythonic wrapper for soapysdr library travis-lint is a tool that check your .travis.yml for possible issues, deprecations and so on. an interactive generative art application pod::coverage::trustpod - allow a module's pod to contain pod::coverage hints a notification system for tiling window managers an independant status bar for x11 (works best with bspwm) transform restructuredtext documents to html5  twitter's bootstrap css, deck.js or reveal.js support for xpath, xquery, xslt and xml schema validation (mingw-w64) python extension for fast irc mask matching and collapsing command line caldav client library for accessing a shoutcast/icecast server creation and modification of tex diagrams written using the pgf/tikz macro library library for writing single instance applications for gtk3 ros - compressed_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending images encoded as jpeg or png. malay language pack for firefox beta mu and mu4e from git fortune quotes from 2 broke girls a cross-platform ui client for todo.txt files (see todotxt.com). docsis cable modem diagnostic hybris 3-d graphics library the open source modelica suite - openmodelica plot ros - common-lisp ros message and service generators. the chaotic unreal tournament mod. mera 400 emulator opens bittorrent files or magnet links as a folder. english -> french dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org automatic movie downloading via nzbs & torrent a javascript library for parsing and displaying dates in any timezone. distributed multihead x server and utilities - bleeding edge version ros - icons for rocon. gtk 1password reader mytget is a muti-thread downloader accelerator for gnu/linux. ros - this package provides ros specific hooks for stage. a fork of the perceptualdiff image comparison tool (pdiff.sourceforge.net) with openmp support the new typing break for gnome, (replaces gnome-typing-break-bzr & drwright) epson printer driver (xp-212, xp-213, xp-215, xp-217) perl/cpan module datetime::format::flexible: flexibly parse strings and turn them into datetime objects. a viewer for python profiling data that runs as a web application in your browser. it is inspired by the wxpython profile viewer runsnakerun. an open source osu!-client written in java. a ffmpeg frontend (gui) with video stream copy (pass-through) and other features python client for the kubernetes api mpris media player controller and lib for spotify, vlc, audacious, bmp, xmms2, and others. special version for pi camera. a software motion detector which grabs images from video4linux devices and/or from webcams frame handles the buildup and synchronization of a set of simultaneous touches. python script for viewing torrent metadata a simple tool for measuring and analysing application memory and performance characteristics kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-libre kernel posix direct i/o functions for php open subl:// and txmt:// urls in sublime text. based on http://blog.byscripts.info/2013/02/txmt-protocol-and-sublime-text-2-english.html compiz fusion deskmenu plugin this python library is a parallel feed updater for the nextcloud news app zeromq bindings for twisted. zypp bindings for scripting languages gnu radio block for rtsa-like spectrum visualization using opencl and opengl acceleration perl/cpan module sys::run - run commands and handle their output atmel avr assembler for all platforms. compatible with atmel's own assembler. asynchronous dbi access tabbing manager providing multiple uzbl-browser instances in 1 window provides a uniform api for all kinds of video capture devices the open source cross platform whatsapp library powering wazapp cross-platform d2v creator. (git version) chrome os extra fonts featuring carlito (calibri clone) and caladea (cambria clone) kode studio is an ide specifically tailored for kha. generate and disperse/dispell passwords the glasgow haskell compiler gimp plug-in that creates a toy effect or tilt-shift miniature faking on a selected layer ham radio - library for ax.25, rose, 6pack, kiss and netrom protocols. a fairy tale whose hero belongs to one of the many metal (sub-)genres, served in the marvelous form of fortune cookies! simple encrypted udp tunnel using tweetnacl the 2048 number game implemented in qt this is a library for using irda keyboards with playstation portable (psp) parse dhcp packets tap-producing test harness for node and browsers. portable string functions, focus on the *printf() and *scanf() clones tayga nat64 daemon ros - this package contains a ros wrapper for openslams gmapping. plugin for vapoursynth: scxvid (git version) interlingue hyphenation rules ultra flat icons - orange edition tex live - package for typing of church slavonic texts in the standard hip (hip-9) html api documentation for exec-helper ros - metapackage for moveit plugins. cpu/ram benchmark tool a puzzle game for gnustep text-to-speech voice synthesis from the mycroft project. a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator, v5.0-321 for super smash bros netplay ros - roscpp_traits contains the message traits code as described in messagestraits. a gmail inbox monitor for the gnome2 desktop python implementation of the sane api (using ctypes) and abstration layer modern ide designed for developping large u/c applications x-windows application for interactive plotting and graphing a data science ide for python local development against a remote kubernetes or openshift cluster - http://www.telepresence.io web skype  tray icon  notifications pure is a modern-style functional programming language based on term rewriting. esp specific api/libraries from espressif apple http live streaming segmenter first release of seexpr, a simple expression language twin-panel (commander-style) file manager (qt) fast regular expression grep for source code with incremental index updates. parallels virtualization integration services & drivers a third-party viewer for second life (c) (secondlife) and opensim (opensimulator) grids. ('vl' stands for virtual life, formerly known as 'cool sl viewer', binary) window tiling for the win. a tiling window manager written in rust flashrom with chromium project modifications lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp-1610w and dcp-1612w printers a free font from profont.net better multiprocessing and multithreading in python a portuguese dictionary for stardict from dicionario-aberto.net read and write audio tags for many formats library providing simplified c and python api to libsolv qemu 0.13.0 required for ugent 'besturingssystemen' course a handy and easy to use addressbook kidletime a c implementation of createrepo, a tool to create yum repositories php stomp client extension rsvp streaming text reader for python/gtk (speed reader) a cross-platform ui client for todo.txt files (see todotxt.com). an alternative gmail notifier for linux and other *nix systems modify pk2devicefile.dat files for pk2cmd python wrapper library for the phidgets api building, finding and using wxwidgets binaries a little gui to select installed lv2 plug-ins and run them with jalv. node.js step by step debugging from vim port of mp3gain to ansi c/c, extension for riff wave full nvidia driver package for arch's official 'linux' package (driver, utilities, and libraries) (beta version) create a color scheme based on a seed rgb color value dumps postgresql database structure on disk the rancher command line interface (cli) is a unified tool to manage your rancher server. an editor for a file's extended attributes in the user-namespace wordnet for dictd et al. echolink software to provide ham radio voip operations free, open and private browser with opensuse's patches for better integration with kde ros - rospy is a pure python client library for ros. library for perceptual video quality assessment based on multi-method fusion (git version) ppd drivers for kyocera fs1100 and fs1300d printers easy, versatile, portable file handling an open source implementation of the diameter protocol a clean, resource friendly and easy to use python api for thetvdb.com parse and format sqlite dates and times ros - lisp client library for ros, the robot operating system. create and modify xcode projects from ruby. cpu/ram stats chart for tmux & screen plugin for vapoursynth: vautodeint (git version) search/grep against japanese text using latin-1 text. kadu penguins emoticons, adopted for gajim software development kit for knime create engaging, interactive html5-based designs and motion graphics that can run on any device. test routines for examining the contents of files mozilla html5-lint (python version) lightweight event loop library megasync cli client. (git version) python bindings for vtk library and tools to access the windows shortcut file (lnk) format documentation/help when using flrig w/out i-net access - ham radio encoding and decoding of base36 strings geotags digital photos by using gps track data recorded at the same time godot game engine: an advanced, feature packed, multi-platform 2d and 3d game engine. openss7 fast-streams and protocol suites ( kernel modules) producing surface reflectance products. ledaps for landsats 4-7 and l8sr for landsat 8. libsigc implements a full callback system for use in widget libraries - v2 (mingw-w64) tools to work with ubuntu touch ros - a libfreenect-based ros driver for the microsoft kinect. simple java-based ldap browser/editor (last freeware version) complete tool set to attack the inherent protocol weaknesses of ipv6 and icmp6 stardict terminal ui ros - package which implements capabilities, including code to parse capability interface specs, to parse capability provider specs, and implement the capability server. lua support for ansi c signals firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - latvian lightweight program for storing and accessing location data published via mqtt (or http) by the owntracks apps. libretro implementation of virtual jaguar. (atari jaguar) amazon cloud player integration for nuvola player. openssl certificate manager with openvpn support a unified interface to key/value stores, including redis, memcached, tokyocabinet, activerecord and many more cern vm filesystem an offline client for uploading and ordering photos at cewe.de - schlecker foto digital service (used to be fotostar client) a fractal generator wellknown from good old dos days client server backup system a simple python script for making minecraft player skins into printable paper crafts a generic importer extension for the standard unix password manager pass qcomicbook is a viewer for comic book archives. (git version) a cross-platform code builder and library manager the pypa recommended tool for installing python packages l2tp client / server, written by katalix systems specifically for linux emerge for blackarch linux - download and compile packages as emerge does. espresso is an extensible, flexible, fast and parallel simulation software for soft matter research. cli and client library for openstack networking enhanced doom 3: bfg edition engine run commands as super user or another user, alternative to sudo kovhernetes (kovh) is a command-line utility for managing kubernetes clusters on the ovh cloud platform. efficient serialization in c. an open source platform for continuous inspection of code quality a c  library that retrieves factorio's mod information messagepack, a binary-based efficient data interchange format. python progress bar and percent indicator utility gnome multiwriter can be used to write an iso file to multiple usb devices at once doit automation tool (git version) black box wordpress vulnerability scanner launch the gyazo app and drag your mouse to grab the screen. ros - some fast/convenient type converters, mostly for char strings or strings. info script for minimal *nix systems. tar backup tool a high-performance network file copy application. an lv2 port of the blop ladspa plugins by mike rawes. sound theme for linux desktop made by japanimation voice actor 'tange sakura' and linux-ha japan. this is made for cheering pacemaker a cli system information tool written in bash that supports displaying images. keepass español portable, extensible toolkit for scientific computation a client for linx-server written in go python2 client-side sieve library rizzoli education - il sistema digitale per studenti e insegnati. x86 emulator with builtin dos, with patches with more features a remote windows access tool. a pvr application that downloads and manages your tv shows. echel0n fork of sickbeard, with tvrage, torrents and anime support. lightweight web browser based on webkit and gtk3 (development version) espeak plugin for the pidgin im a library to work width pushbullet x.org neomagic video driver ti calculator emulator. ansible container is a tool to build and orchestrate containers using only ansible playbooks. directory tags for lazy programmers inflector for strings optimized http server with support for http/1.x and http/2 library used by filezilla (mingw-w64, svn version) a netwm-compatible panel for x11 a windowmaker dockapp that displays flames to monitor cpu, memory etc a simple wrapper around make to make it's output more readable. sdl mpeg player library (mingw-w64) quasar is an torrent finding and streaming engine for kodi (fork of pulsar add-on) sdl port of a msx1/msx2 puzzle game (aka 'griels quest for the sangraal') piper is a gui interface to ratbagd, the system daemon for configurable mice dpms helper for pantheon library to query system statistics (net, resource usage, ...) an x11 window manager with a nextstep look and feel a new way controling your fans a vim plugin to display the indention levels with thin vertical lines a collection of optimized low-level functions targeting storage applications a horizontal or vertical bargraph level meter based on the ideas of mastering guru bob katz. tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (vi) owncloud music integration for nuvola player. an action tower defence-type game provides platform-specific apis for x11 extremely fast source code search engine high precision swiss ephemeris developed by astrodienst (1800 ad - 2399 ad). lemon and uushi fonts by phallus suckless cron daemon - git checkout cli tool for microcontroller firmware a mod playing library (mingw-w64) a linker from the llvm project download a video file from the "mediateca" and "tve a la carta" of rtve. qt based ui application for verifying and signing digital signatures japanese man pages for the systemd king james bible, concordance, and command-line viewer brasillinux eye gdm theme chrome & firefox browser extension for pass, a unix password manager cross-platform serial port class libary for qt. fast and easy to use classic heaps easy to use password manager with built-in password generator cloth patternmaking software - stable release steganography tool to hide information content into busy areas of images, optimally a powerful toolset for genome arithmetic. the official png reference library ros - the core rosbridge package, repsonsible for interpreting json andperforming the appropriate ros action, like subscribe, publish, call service, and interact with params. postfix greylisting policy service with auto-white-listing with sql database as storage backend. toolset for cryptographically signing debian packages a bash beautifier for the masses lightweight, multi-platform, multi-architecture cpu emulator framework based on qemu openfabrics alliance infiniband communication manager daemon for librdmacm extension for firefox which download video perl/cpan module barcode::code128: generate code 128 bar codes the phobos standard library for d programming language. modules and static library. cross-platform debugger for go make words on the board using randomly allotted letters. perl package to compact many css files into one big file an experimental interface to libuv for php software for the mirics msi2500  msi001 sdr platform. library to implement a well-behaved unix daemon process. hydra slayer is a roguelike inspired by greek mythology and mathematical puzzles about slaying many-headed beasts. cli utility and scripts for analyzing sflow data a powerful spider system in python expose the stash, ideal for dumpering... various extra foils for mse. this one is the insanity object gradient. tools for working with urls and http an implementation of the dvb common scrambling algorithm pretty-print the lunch and supper menus at the epfl snes plugin for retrogobject bootstrap 3 integration with django the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security (mingw-w64) a spotify client running as a daemon, similar to mpd. an open source osu!-client written in java. ros - image_geometry contains c and python libraries for interpreting images geometrically. media player for linux python implementation of gettext denix backgrounds a cad program for creating virtual lego models. a python package with bindings to the 'virtual instrument software architecture' visa library hcc is an open source, optimizing c compiler for heterogeneous compute lightweight yet powerful web application framework ros - this package contains the ros bindings for the tf2 library, for both python and c. quake 2 engine. you need the retail .pak files to play. a real-time puzzle game about ants trying to reach their food common routines used by most camoto libraries connect to plan 9 cpu servers from other operating systems. graphical computercraft emulator samsung ml-1915 cups driver tool to extract the firmware for the somagic easycap dc60 and easycap002 (original cd needed) prune a file set according to a given age distribution a pager like less, but for markdown files a lazy man's, user-mode union file system. ros - metapackage referencing tutorials related to rviz and visualization. automatically adjust the fan on a macbook pro a iconv based simplified-traditional chinese conversion tool booster themes - military edition a quality control tool for high throughput sequence data. a gui with ocr capability to produce pdfs or djvus from scanned documents add monikers to all classes. intel sdk for opencl applications a lightweight, by directory, todo-list utility a decorative medieval style ttf font by pia frauss object-oriented interface to rrdtool prompt string formatter a c console application for 3d printing gcode generation. it's called by repetier host and/or other applications. loader for gobi wwan chipset firmware a password manager for the gnome desktop this package provides common files for some of the brother cups wrapper packages. initcpio hook to support native zfs encryption for plymouth ivisual provides vpython visual api for inline use in an ipython notebook dwm with cdown's personalisations ros - ros communications-related packages, including core client libraries (roscpp, rospy) and graph introspection tools (rostopic, rosnode, rosservice, rosparam). nvim filetype and tools support for crystal language. c wrapper for the gilles vollant's zip/unzip c package, qt4 version an open video codec developed by the xiph.org - ptalarbvorm version [unstable]. graphical browser for the linux sysfs device tree an open-source implementation of the popular go game. (git version) various tools for jwm window manager. download and use custom hosts sources to build /etc/hosts canon ij scanner driver (for mp250 series) collects, pre-processes, and forwards log files from remote sources (precompiled) bacula - a network backup tool (management cli) liquid markup language. safe, customer facing template language for flexible web apps strings - print the strings of printable characters in files, supported variety character encodings (e.g. unicode). an advanced rule-based (regular-expression) and unicode-aware tokenizer for various languages. tokenization is an essential first step in any nlp pipeline. breath theme for kde plasma 5 the original freespace campaigns ported to freespace 2 embedded php sapi library yet another python urllib. (python3 version) simple terminal with xresources, scrollback, and alpha support the prelude log analyzer hashing for specific vanity onion adresses the gnustep make package, using clang a python wrapper for librtlsdr (a driver for realtek rtl2832u based sdr's) generates an index file of language objects found in source files, with patch for as3 and haxe calculator for the mate desktop environment perl/cpan module devel::cover: code coverage metrics for perl a tag finder for web page template fast and efficient motif discovery tool, reborn and running a collection of extractor wrappers for the deco file extraction framework session management system for jack. partial json api implementation in python on top of schematics automatic backups for libvirt a commandline ietf rfc browser/utility audioscrobbler plugin for xmms simple file browser for the terminal. toad: trainer of all data, the frog training collection a parsing, static analysis and proof management tool incorporating various provers and different specification languages. an unit testing framework for c with support for mock objects gnu utilities to locate files with selinux support an angband variant set in the first age of tolkien's silmarillion world perl/cpan module tk::tframe pandoc-backed static site generator shell script with precompiled binary dependencies. a simple client for the free internet chess server simple no-frills terminal emulator based on vte lpr driver for brother hl-l8360cdw printer reference asgi adapters and channel layers scientific graphics and gui library for python the bnf converter is a compiler construction tool generating a compiler front-end from a labelled bnf grammar. it is currently able to generate c, c, c#, haskell, java, and ocaml, as well as xml representations. api and toolkit for reading, writing, and manipulating bam (genome alignment) files. javascript code style varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko runtime gcc 4.8 libraries for multilib a revolutionary new kind of application performance management freeware application to efficiently manage your ipod or your motorola mobile phone (any model supporting itunes except iphone, ipod touch). a very simple and lightweight indicator applet to synchronize with google drive using grive sound theme for linux desktop made by japanimation voice actor 'murakawa rie' and linux-ha japan. this is made for cheering pacemaker limit cpu usage in %. actualy sends sigstop/sigcont app center for liri os micmgmt library of intel® manycore platform software stack a fast and powerful open source alternative to grep - static binary find uris in plain text vim support for mediawiki markup used on wikipedia play games. make games. stay indie. export code, specs and images from psd & sketch designs integrated suite of configuration tools for nxp's microcontrollers. from rpm package distributed by nxp. rust standard library implemented in c. d-bus interface for user account query and manipulation enables keepass to encrypt databases using the gost r 34.12-2015 algorithm. a simple and fast json logging module for node.js services. cloud storage service and file synchronization service a simple multi-channel audio mixer (version 2, development version) an implementation of fastcgi using nativecall x.org nintendo wii remote input driver videolan media library an ncurses console audio player (with lyrics patch) a cross-platform c and c library to decode tracked music files (modules) into a raw pcm audio stream. archlinux theme for sddm a classical tetris game for x11 universal encoding detector for python 2 and 3. python2 version. split binary files on content boundaries search and download aur packages from emacs extended process registry for erlang tool to control pearl usb led fan. bash script to check updates of given packages with no need to update the local repositories. archive manipulator for mate (gtk3 version) e-mail (pop3, gmail, imap), rss and tweets notifier multiscale object oriented simulation environment ossim is a powerful suite of geospatial libraries and applications used to process imagery, maps, terrain, and vector data. apache sapi for php compression library implementing the deflate compression method found in gzip and pkzip (x32 abi) inject javascript to explore native apps on windows, mac, linux, ios and android. python 2 version from pypi ppp hook for dialing to a ppp connection inside the initrd. in combination with dropbear_initrd_encrypt, it allows remote unlocking over the internet free, open source software for live streaming and recording (beam's ftl fork) builders for markup. gnu emacs, built from git sources — html and pdf documentation package. astk (mercurial version) blogilo is a blog client in kde platform, this is a legacy version for those who can not input in visual editor in the kde5 version. it is an older version comes from kde4.5 and there might be some bugs. gnu version of awk a qt5 based upnp audio control point, stable version wolfenstein: enemy territory 2.60b compatible client/server (etlegacy mod) microsoft azure command-line tools iot command module a packager for distributing ocaml software pdo driver for cassandra cql google calendar command line interface control remote plugs with the raspberry pi, features a webinterface. uses rcswitch and wiringpi. perl css::packer cpan module a futuristic computer crime game (requires uplink from humble bundle) mpv with raspberry pi support simple screenshot crop & upload a tool that calculates typographical ratios. a linter for the typescript language. receive rtp rfc 2250 mp3 streams proxy manager headers fragack, chan_qos_frag, and chan-neg-1 patches for backports-patched. ros - this package provides an implementation of the dynamic window approach to local robot navigation on a plane. software for hosting git repositories - git checkout cached packages trimmer utility tex live - tu dresden corporate design fonts for tudscr a customized server by bluelightzero where a tee hunts everyone else ros - the dynamicedt3d library implements an inrementally updatable euclidean distance transform (edt) in 3d. sparse solver library using gaussian elimination (sequential version, shared library version) a configurable, graphical proof assistant. the adobe air based mockup client. not free or open source, there is a 7 day free trial. demo cube app for vulkan yet another json library (x32 abi) dlib is a general purpose cross-platform c library designed using contract programming and modern c techniques. languagetool provider for patronus grammar checking library reaver-wps-fork-t6x is a community forked version of reaver, which has included various bug fixes and additional attack method (the offline pixie dust attack). command line id3 tag editor feeluown core ros - this package contains a recent version of the bayesian filtering library (bfl), distributed by the orocos project. driver for xerox phaser 6000/6010 color laser printer arc theme for konversation a lightweight, cross-platform qt4 webkit browser ros - map_server provides the map_server ros node, which offers map data as a ros service. a single-player fantasy game in which you build a dwarven outpost or play an adventurer in a randomly generated world ros - the rocon_app_utilities package. basic utility non-gui functions for xfce continuously jam all wifi clients and access points within range. a wrapper around git to work with multiple ssh keys streaming bar graphs, for stats and stuff ros - image_transport should always be used to subscribe to and publish images. alilang a slender monospace typeface. shape: source code pro. backend library for electronpass desktop app. make archlinux ready for a static ip setup freedesktop.org menu and desktop icons support for awesome wm pyrescene is a port of rescene .net to the python programming language. set of tools for querying astronomical web forms and databases lightweight client for connecting to second life and opensim worlds a graphical user interface (gui) for folding@home - beta version exception by da a modern arch linux theme for ksplash kde splash screen yet another dotfiles manager perl pragma to enforce coding standards and best-practices a kde service menus for encfs from dolphin. kf5 version. a rewrite of the flashback engine connect unix pipes and message queues ros - this package provides an implementation of the dynamic window approach to local robot navigation on a plane. a console-based bms player using ncurses. a nice way to view information about use of system resources format elm source code according to a standard set of rules based on the official elm style guide. deepin wine thunderspeed is a patch to the gnu dd program, this version has several features intended for forensic acquisition of data. siriusxm integration for nuvola player. a command line, stack-based calculator with postfix notation asciimathml to mathml translator (python 3) cli tool for rundeck pax flags maintenance daemon lua bindings for linenoise. fullwidth bunny signs for terminal and twitter/webforms bitcoin full node keepass plugin to perform a security audit of your passwords negotiate authentication for the requests http client library an opensource implementation of the openmax integration layer api - jpeg component extra task definitions for apache ant. gstreamer multimedia framework ugly plugins (32-bit) perl package for evaluating of poker hands gnu c library (arm-linux-gnueabihf) an lv2 plugin for broadband noise reduction. a geany plugin that provides python code completion using jedi. ros - this package defines messages for defining robot trajectories. visualboyadvance sdl for hackers. run faust-generated signal processing modules in pure gtk module and mate/xfce panel applets for a global menubar hardware abstraction layer a c11 implementation of deep learning for limited computational resource, embedded systems and iot devices (git version) blender addon for light and hdri managament. ubuntu's default cursor theme ros - moveit_runtime meta package contains moveit! packages that are essential for its runtime (e.g. ballistics software for arrows and bullets util for testing utils that makes http requests notetaker with a classic interface. ts3 statistics for netdata complx: lc-3 simulator used in gt:cs2110, created by brandon. linux mint system sounds from mint-artwork-common package. a very simple interface for to listening to latvian radio. nvidia-docker cli wrapper sass adapter for the rails asset pipeline. a command-line mail client. ipsec implementation with ikev1 and ikev2 keying protocols event discrete, process based simulation for python. call isa, can, does and does safely on things that may not be objects ruby bindings to the magic(4) library a tool to populate uefi runtime variables. requires the kernel module efivars to be loaded. µws is one of the most lightweight, efficient & scalable websocket & http server implementations available an interface for quick and convenient access to applications and their documents. forked by karol bedkowski. mount a torrent (or magnet link) as a filesystem in real time using torrent-stream and fuse. aka mad science! atmel edbg programmer ros - metapackage of geometry tutorials ros. adns is an asyncronous replacement resolver library with ipv6 support netbsd mkdep: construct makefile dependency list socket functions for networking from within octave. connects to the fritz!box to inform you about incoming and outgoing calls generate and parse ldif data a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the msp430 architecture git gerrit helper apple's time machine fuse read only file system open sound system unix audio architecture (including nonfree drivers) graphical user interface to openssl, rsa/dsa public keys, certificates, signing requests and revokation lists is a software convolution engine, a program for applying long fir filters to multi-channel digital audio, either offline or in realtime. a truetype implementation of proposed, non-canonical punctuation marks from hervé bazin resource and network access abstraction a utility for dumping files in hex, decimal, or octal free and opensource jabber library, written in c using cross-platform framework qt. circos tutorials legend of zelda: minish cap soundfont for midi playback amqp client library eudev client libraries a suite of commands to make png easier to use vdpau driver with opengl/vaapi backend for i965 chipset gsettings schemas for mate desktop (gtk2 version) minor mode for emacs that allows multiple major modes to coexist in one buffer a little framework to generate /etc/hosts from /etc/hosts.d this library can be used as a module for fog or as standalone provider to use the serverlove in applications. ros - the interactive_marker_tutorials package. dxr3 and hollywood driver from cgmeiner repo apple tv4 hd aerial movies in 1080p game assets for unvanquished. pynbody is a light-weight, portable, format-transparent analysis framework for n-body and hydrodynamic astrophysical simulations texas instruments code composer studio ide a lightweight, high-performance internet relay chat daemon. open gate - numerical simulations in medical imaging and radiotherapy a python slugify application that handles unicode rime input method engine (mingw-w64) a set of free type1 fonts adaptation to sddm of kdm-theme-archpaint2 a single tool to manage your storage ros - ros console output library. swap buffers between windows in emacs a very simple utility for working with ecryptfs. bpf compiler collection - python 3 bindings a collection of the useful independent include files for c/assembler developers, from the openwince project a cross-platform windowing and multimedia library for python 3. ros - rqt_topic provides a gui plugin for displaying debug information about ros topics including publishers, subscribers, publishing rate, and ros messages. simple http wrapper around jedi (with yan12125's packaging patch) sudo for posix capabilities, git version an utility to reload the gtkrc configuration for all gtk windows at runtime ros - rqt_gui_cpp enables gui plugins to use the c client library for ros. dji onboard sdk - git version, 3.3 branch google's new typeface for play books the mate session handler (gtk2 version) base docker&docker compose integration (start, stop, log, up), hide docker network (veth*) apache lucene is a high-performance, full-featured text search engine library written entirely in java. utils for working with remote pdns server flowee 256-color skin for midnight commander a simple pxe-compatible dhcp and tftp server a perl module for automatic text wrapping and reformatting assertion library for lua moon clock plugin for gkrellm2 plugin for vapoursynth: msmoosh (git version) x11 randr extension wire protocol - git version wayland protocols that add functionalities not available in the core protocol chronic is a natural language date/time parser written in pure ruby. fast block device synchronizing tool standalone web browser from mozilla.org, developer build alertmanager handles alerts sent by client applications such as the prometheus server. it takes care of deduplicating, grouping, and routing them to the correct receiver integration (binary, not built from source) a module for monitoring memory usage of a python program scalable concurrent operations in python, is a distributed task module allowing concurrent parallel programming on various environments, from heterogeneous grids to supercomputers. reduce computer algebra system -- psl version caviar dreams font classical asteroids game for x11 a fork of liberation sans font by apanov trailbot desktop app for managing watchers, policies, and file events. easy-to-use uml2.x modeler a useful adaptive prompt for bash & zsh a screencasting program with design in mind easea (easy specification of evolutionary algorithms) is an artificial evolution platform that allows with only basic skills in computer science to implement evolutionary algorithms and to exploit the massive parallelism of many-core architecture ros - smach is a task-level architecture for rapidly creating complex robot behavior. memory mapping made simple and safe. takes ascii text and returns nonsense. tcl syntax checker this package installs bundles taking care to distribute files in the cluster. a catalyst model base-class for using www::menugrinder ipsec/ikev2-based vpn software for linux cmu sphinx g2p model for mexican spanish loader plugin for the pure programming language, pd-l2ork version a simple ruby version manager for fish ros - underlying data libraries for roscpp messages. tools for creating ponies for cowsay and cowsay-like programs python script for querying x-server information and manipulating x-windows create video contact sheets, thumbnails frontend for feh and other wallpaper setting tools. this is a simple gui for f3 - fight flash fraud. brings the archive-hdd functionality to vdr. a utility and widget library for nuvola player project based on glib, gio, and gtk english -> spanish dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org provides an indicator for haguichi. development version. madsonic mashup mod is a fork of the subsonic 4.8 server build 3436 with some subsonic data schema modifications! this is the latest beta 5.1 build. a small and simple configuration file parser written in python ros - maintains the ecl licenses and also provides an install target for deploying licenses with the ecl libraries. a binary analysis ide that allows to inspect, navigate, edit and annotate control flow graphs and call graphs of disassembled code patch-based distributed version control system salut à toi, multi-frontends multi-purposes xmpp client (cli frontend) wingpanel bluetooth indicator neo alien cursor theme python library to easily handle data structure, with a gtk binding ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. pidgin instant messenger plugin for sametime support aeroclone tehme for gtk2 parsing command line arguments and .ini style configuration files an image scanning library core components for the kde's activities a 2.5d graph visualizer that displays graphs specified in the at&t graphviz dot language deepin wine qq 8.9. avogadro 2: libraries securecompare is a gem that implements a constant time string comparison method safe for use in cryptographic functions. nginx mainline module to use pam for simple http authentication open source spaceship bridge simulator freebasic ide based on wx-c ubuntu's new display server client server backup system lightweight interface to shared memory this package is a gpl implementation of an iptables and netfilter module for opendpi integration into the linux kernel. python code completion library pure perl uuid support with functional interface free nec-2 compatable electromagnetic code. with c, c apis. clone of the famous scotland yard board game with network support. one of the most popular quakeworld clients for linux/bsd/osx/win32. you need the retail pak files to play. provides a notification tray icon for keepass on plasma/kde5. the javascript code quality tool allows building your unity projects for the facebook-games platform a chess engine which understands the xboard protocol. it's suitable for beginner and intermediate players a simple desklet that displays a calendar a command-line tool to simplify working with timestamped btrfs snapshots a library providing common functions for the technical analysis of financial market data standalone mail/news reader - bleeding edge binary version low level udp/tcp connection tool with support for tls protocol systemd client libraries without udev; systemd compatibility package a compiler for finite element variational forms. gopro vr player is a 360-degree video and photo player based on vlc this package provides the namecoin core gui client and cli daemon. this package does not create a systemd service. varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko detects file inclusion, sql injection, command execution vulnerabilities of a target joomla! web site. tools for tables of grobs open-source library and tools for audio and music analysis, description and synthesis. (with python 3 bindings) perl module for exceptions that don't hurt libretro implementation of desmume. (nintendo ds) bootstrap 3 integration with django persian language pack for firefox beta driver for the brother dcp-j4120dw wifi multifuncional printer mapping for terraria exclusively run things via lock files arpack with patches (mingw-w64) frog is an integration of memory-based natural language processing (nlp) modules developed for dutch. it includes a tokenizer, part-of-speech tagger, lemmatizer, morphological analyser, named entity recognition, shallow parser and dependency parser. an image loading library (mingw-w64) mpeg-2 cutting tool for removing commercials from demuxed dvb recordings a set of tools which enable multi-platform development on the ti stellaris launchpad boards process-based network emulator (stable branch) lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-790cw save and restore cups client states. a ruby library for app.net grammar checker for english, french, german (etc.) in vim python telegram bot api computer-aided control system design (cacsd) tools for gnu octave, based on the proven slicot library a self-contained dotfile manager and lightweight provisioning tool that supports encryption of sensitive data, multiline command execution, and a single file configuration for multiple machines. sort-friendly uri reordering transform (surt) api blueprint parser assume the role of an immigration inspector for the communist state of arstotzka python virtual environment interface for emacs a simple command that generates a key from a file and a passphrase airvpn client "eddie" based on openvpn yank terminal output to clipboard generates random lorem ipsum text dockapp for monitoring network interfaces. provides a way to create socks client or server both 4 and 5 version set of five chinese truetype fonts derived from cwtex sort-friendly uri reordering transform (surt) simple and lightweight gtk calendar (git) a breadth-first version of find. gremlin console from apache tinkerpop basque language pack for firefox beta nxfilter dns filter catkin package library a font family converted from d. knuth's computer modern metafont. utility to perform parallel, pipelined execution of a single http get this package conflicts with all non-free arch packages, as defined by dfsg. graphical viewer for microsoft access database files bindings for the linux eventfd/signalfd/timerfd/inotify syscalls companion library to gobject and gtk captures postfix configuration for reporting errors freedesktop.org message bus system uses your local pacman repos and an aur package list to find duplicate packages. 2d shoot 'em up single-player game provides common functionality and useful optimizations syntax plugin for pandoc's extended markdown plugin to switch keyboard layouts for the xfce4 panel a slender monospace typeface. shape: fira mono. a tool for static c/c code analysis - cli version without gui less for perl. parse .less files and returns valid css (lesscss.org for more info about less files) bittorrent filesystem a voice-over-ip phone the proteanos development kit software that can match tandem mass spectra with peptide sequences, in a process known as protein identification. version cyclone launch an application built using jupyterlab learnpdf is a file crawler and downloader for moodle apis downloads videos from various flash-based video hosting sites tool to download rtmp streams (lib32) gambas realtime infinality previewer ros - generalized client side source for rosserial. bitpay bitcoin wallet simple text-based terminal screensaver c library and python bindings for detecting language from utf8 text, extracted from the chromium browser fresh and simple personality icon theme. a unique identifier for any object a gssapi mechanism that implements ntlmssp a free codec for free speech (mingw-w64) perl6::export - implements the perl 6 'is export(...)' trait an early-algorithm context-free grammar parser a lightweight multi-platform, multi-architecture disassembly framework. a dynamic array library (similar to python-numpy but written in c). fast bam/cram depth calculation for wgs, exome, or targeted sequencing a helper class for handling configuration defaults of packaged django apps gracefully. restricted python compiler library for detecting if a http user agent header is likely to be a bot theme and style setting utilities for the x desktop environment (xde) tools for generating .srcinfo files and pkgbuild data extraction (mkaurball) dns filter a tool set to recreate the famous 'decrypting text' effect as seen in the 1992 movie sneakers, aka nms. alan-watcher plugin for vera manipulate the archive files used by many games to store their data xapian libraries and ruby bindings a browser plugin designed for the viewing of premium video content complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mx860 a public domain development tool allows you to create, test, debug, and optimize new compression algorithms in streaming format that are compatible with all existing zpaq decompressors such as zpaq, zpipe, zpsfx, and the reference decoder medical imaging data examiner - mercurial checkout a command-line time tracker (also known as timewarrior) canon ij scanner driver (common package) x86_64 a machine learning library for python 2 based on theano tiny python module for creating form dialogs/widgets to edit various type of parameters a generic and open source machine emulator, statically linked rdkit - a collection of cheminformatics and machine-learning software written in c and python. c/c ide. 30-day evaluation. library code for the pandoc-fignos/eqnos/tablenos filters. synchronize your files without servers and build private cloud storage out of your own devices. this package is self-updating and is only needed for initial installation. 3d video player with multi-display support the qt4 gui toolkit documentation polynomial approximations using the remez algorithm by sam hocevar console tool to update md5sum or shasum digest files an api client for docker written in python an enthralling music puzzler experience (humble bundle version) text editor for programmers (qt4 front-end) generation of runtime types from type declarations a latex class for writing abnt-compliant documents an opinionated wrapper on file system and path functions. pacman repo editor for octopi utility library for gitignore style pattern matching of file paths equational prover (theorem prover for first-order equational logic) very low footprint json parser written in portable ansi c client library for pulseaudio a remake of the classic streets of rage 1, 2 and 3 by sega syntax error reporting for perl 6 grammars a virtual guitar amplifier for linux ros - moveit gui tools for benchmarking. a bioinformatics library c library for solving large sparse linear systems with algebraic multigrid method a free cross-platform lobby client for the spring rts project, development version. a logic game based on the puzzle game sokoban a command-line programmer's calculator handling hex/dec/oct/bin ctorrent control server (ctcs), an interface for monitoring and managing enhanced ctorrent clients. scriptable music files tags tool and editor french hunspell dictionary a command line utility for building, testing, packaging and running .net core applications and libraries htp library - a security-aware parser for the http protocol supermicro ipmi configuration tool sql injection takeover tool a remote desktop client written in gtk - git checkout a systemd web based user interface for linux servers bindings for lyra2re2 proof of work used by vertcoin ros - irobot create ros driver node ros bindings for the create/roomba driver. solver for package dependencies mesa 3-d graphics library make function keys on logitech k380 bluetooth keyboard default repodata downloading library a console client for the personalized web radio pandora microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts lithuanian language pack for seamonkey math::convexhull - calculate convex hulls using graham's scan (n*log(n)) ros - nodelet core metapackage. low-level feature extraction plugins using jamie bullock's libxtract library to provide around 50 spectral and other features removes useless tags from exported svg files generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - hexablock module an opensource multiplatform clone of citrix xencenter ocaml ssl library a timer for the pomodoro technique http basic and digest authentication pdf toolkit simple tool for viewing mtp devices as fuse filesystems line-granularity, thread-aware deterministic and statistic pure-python profiler stardict tools set p-state voltages and clock speeds on recent amd cpus on linux. currently supported families are: 10h, 11h, 12h, 14h, 15h, 16h fast chess toolkit written in c. git repository. dockbarx theme virtual machine, runtime, and jit for php fast and lightweight ide (git version) perl extension for displaying a progress indicator on a terminal. an opengl debugging tool iptables frontend. common library and plugins. a simple restful api client written in gtk 3. displays the top-x cpu hogging tasks starts a public webserver for files in the current directory claude's tab window manager with full icccm/emwh support. wallpaper collection for adapta-project emacs extension that provides transparent remote file editing distributed object middleware for python (rpc) version 3 fedora 15 (lovelock) backgrounds. just a small electron tweetdeck app. a drift-diffusion simulator for 2d semiconductor devices a software media player and entertainment hub for digital media angle project samples (mingw-w64) the internet communications engine embedded (icee) is a modern distributed computing platform handle x.500 dns (distinguished names), parse and format them place the digits 1-n once in each polyomino in such a way that no digit touches another digit of the same value. a library of neural networks in theano for python 2 transparent file encryption in git user accounts plug for switchboard software package that generates a continuous tag sequence density estimation allowing identification of biologically meaningful sites whose output can be displayed directly in the ucsc genome browser mpd client, based on rofi ros - basic diagnostic_aggregator tests are in the. a ping-like tool for http-requests annotate commands using a simple markup language a vim colorscheme. simple gui to switch window managers in linux with minimal dependencies, git version a perl backup system using rsync as transport xemacs-all-packages bundle from xemacs.org cell towers theme pack for xde a collection of functions for request various charsets and locales for host system and for other system. qt creator markup plugin pure python implementation of apache thrift. brütal legend is an action-adventure game with real-time strategy game elements created by double fine productions (humble bundle version). an efi-based bootloader for bios-based computers to replace edk2/duet bootloader and enable os x booting on non-apple hardware. reduce computer algebra system -- csl version recover deleted files in your repository a milter to use milters effectively. measure complexity of c source provides useful functions commonly found on bsd systems like strlcpy() kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-vfio kernel stand-alone decoder library for .opus streams a qt-based tlcv-compatible live chess viewer ros - rqt_graph provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros computation graph. script to provide simple cgi-php support for nginx http daemon ros - pcl (point cloud library) ros interface stack. build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) a slender monospace typeface. shape: x windows fixed. lightweight port of 'nyancat lost in space' flate is a c template library used to deal with html code in cgi applications. commodore tape preservation and restoration tool ros - this package contains a set of conversion functions to convert common tf datatypes (point, vector, pose, etc) into semantically identical datatypes used by other libraries. schedule reminders easily from an indicator graphics api tracing from git (32-bit) an open-source sdk for psp homebrew development (psp) fully operational blockchain solutions for securing, chaining, sharing, signing and timestamping any kind of document, data or process with no alteration. java-based gtd application css selector to xpath compiler variant of nethack. it features more randomness, more levels, more challenges and more fun than vanilla nethack. removes unseeable and ghost alpha from png images. cgi::ajax display sharp and clear fonts on linux like on windows xp create bootable usb drives an open source next generation intrusion detection and prevention engine moksha modules meta-package cross-platform desktop application that allows users to trade national currency (dollars, euros, etc) for bitcoin without relying on centralized exchanges ros - the nodelet package is designed to provide a way to run multiple algorithms in the same process with zero copy transport between algorithms. a qt based audio-player. (svn version) basic cross-platform tests for scripts an open source proof­reading soft­ware for english, french, german, polish, and more than 20 other languages (apache openoffice extension) listen for vt switches handles the hotkeys of apple macbook (pro) laptops - lightweight edition a python class for reading and writing orgmode files simple script to install packages from teamspeak 3's addon site. automatically creates packages for the teamspeak directory python bindings for interacting with vagrant virtual machines. cli and curses mixer for pulseaudio. git version drop-in replacement for django's many to many field with sorted relations. support for pairing with git x.org mach64 video driver c library based on qt that eases the creation of opengl 3d viewers classes for displaying the contents of svg files (apple-darwin) multicast/unicast dns-sd framework (with gtk2 client apps) thumbnailer to show epub cover previews in kde file managers. zabbix modbus loadable module timeseal support for eboard, xboard, scid and maybe others for playing chess on fics gui and command-line tools to manage teensy devices override resolv.conf using ld_preload a collaborative passwords manager a fork of i3wm tiling window manager (development branch) with more features, including gaps bootloader that can boot from usb and cdrom on old machines without bios support add xpath support to html::treebuilder ros - turtle_tf2 demonstrates how to write a tf2 broadcaster and listener with the turtlesim. magnet uri scheme hook for dhcpcd to add domain name servers to pdnsd (dns caching proxy) python interface to graphviz's dot language, updated version python extension for fast irc mask matching and collapsing ros - this package attempts to show the features of ros step-by-step, including using messages, servers, parameters, etc. software package for interactive graphical analysis of gamma-ray coincidence data an electron-based music player for the busy ones a windowing toolkit for use with tcl, 8.5 series a single player word finding game a multimedia framework based on the mpeg-4 systems standard (git version) red crucible®: firestorm - free to play online fps a qt gui for neovim (neovim rpc and gui using qt5). scheduling thingy for perl6 plugin for vapoursynth: scoll (git version) a gtk3 app for finding and listening to internet radio stations networkmanager vpn plugin for pptp watchman client for python a small, fast pop3 client suitable as a fetchmail replacement with gnome keyring support a perl extension module for scientific data access via the netcdf api firmware for afatech af9015 based usb dvb devices filebench is a framework of file system workloads for measuring and comparing file system performance ros - rqt_plot provides a gui plugin visualizing numeric values in a 2d plot using different plotting backends. pcap files from another point of view jango integration for nuvola player. qt based gui tool designed to create and edit .torrent files. qt5 build a yang (rfc 6020) validator and converter transparent (using fuse) compressing filesystem. launch awesome with cinnamon-settings-daemon a personal portal system. alpha version, do not install unless you know what you are doing a python connector to ipopt easy note taking in vim specification-style nosetests output for python apparmor parser - loads aa profiles to kernel module workflow mgmgt  task scheduling  dependency resolution an outline font viewer for linux. oauth core ruby implementation. ros - a metapackage which extends ros_core and includes other basic non-robot tools like actionlib, dynamic reconfigure, nodelets, and pluginlib. a tv series browser and tracker application. this packages the musicbrainz-discid distribution, containing the musicbrainz::discid module! ldap schema for fusiondirectory debconf plugin a free to use program that lets you create and perform real-time audio visual presets. the standard implementation of the zim specification - openzim shows cpu temperature on cinnamon panel a pip requirements file parser development prerelease of mudlet a set of python modules which makes it easy to write raster processing code in python. built on top of gdal. creates colorful timebars from video and audio files, comes with a shared c library. inspired by the moviebarcode tumblr. a friendlier find (ffind). json api 1.0 (https://jsonapi.org) formatting with marshmallow the desktop app for mjml python 3 client for importanize ros - core rocon apps for use with the appmanager and rocon concert. turkish dictionary for wps office ros - interface for using ros with the gazebo simulator. networkmanager dispatcher script for openvpn run commands in a virtualenv without modifying the current shell environment displays bitcoin and altcoin market information in the gnome shell. merkaartor openstreetmap mapping program neogeo pocket emulator. c library for parsing and emitting yaml iconic bitmap font based on stlarch with additional glyphs plugin for using epson scanners with iscan over network a collection of unrestricted dnd5e-compatible typefaces a data recovery tool and decompressor for files in the lzip compressed data format node implementation of foreman gnuplot interface for the pure programming language program for viewing x-ray diffraction and control images in the context of data processing by the x-ray detector software. extended rtorrent distribution with ui enhancements, colorization, and some added features a cross-platform application and ui framework (5.8.x) messagepack (de)serializer implementation for erlang an environment and programming language for real time audio synthesis and algorithmic composition. current version including sc3-plugins. sslscan tests ssl/tls enabled services to discover supported cipher suites an ephemeral multi-person ssh chat a pluggable authentication module (pam) for geoip based access remote python call (rpyc), a transparent and symmetric rpc library lightweight qt-based terminal emulator modern modeling and retopology tools packer is a tool for creating identical machine images for multiple platforms from a single source configuration. control systemd services through web or rest api is a program for identifying duplicate files residing within specified directories lisp-flavoured c open source chart plotting / marine navigation virtual distributed ethernet for emulators like qemu interact with yopmail from command-line magma is a tool for gene analysis and generalized gene-set analysis of gwas data automatically install and update the calibre standalone binaries bsd indent (patched for postgresql) desktop synchronization of local folders with remote nuxeo workspaces receive and send commands via cec brotli compression library a german male voice for the mbrola synthesizer fonts similar to what bios/dos looks like kdoctools a formal specification language with an associated toolset. a simple mp3 player client for mtp based devices (gtk2 version) a last.fm api interface. the extra scripts contained in the debian release of lighttpd. includes create-mime.assign.pl, include-conf-enabled.pl, and use-ipv6.pl. generator of matrix multiplication kernels - gimmik - is a tool for generation of high performance matrix multiplication kernel code for various accelerator platforms. xaw-based graphics demo that shows/tests various features of the x11 core protocol graphics primitives. ruby babel js compiler a standalone context distribution general purpose library and file format for storing scientific data (mingw-w64) cinnamon menu specifications a command line tool used to build ebooks that can be sold through amazon's kindle platform. a full gpl'd suite and toolkit of electronic design automation tools. forked from geda in late 2016. a puzzle bobble clone for one or two players khotkeys get an api up and running quickly. (python3 version) epson printer driver (stylus photo r2000) microsoft azure command-line tools configure command module ibus engine module for libthai metabase::fact - base class for metabase fact parametric integer programming library simple dynamic dns client with ssl support x11 pixmap library (32-bit) workaround for gdm on amd catalyst. based on a work of oliver chang - tl;dr version opengl-freetype library virtual reality plugins for gstreamer client for the managesieve protocol a program that can video record a single window or your entire desktop using ffmpeg. (mercurial version) feature-rich command line parser for lua modern opengl wrapper, develop branch a new, glassified and aya based, plasma theme ros - single image rectification and color processing. hitori otegaru wiki modoki: a note-taking tool on emacs. library that provides a framework for developing dockapps. dbi driver for csv files a module::install extension to automagically generate license files desktop client for the matrix protocol official dymo supplied linux cups drivers for labelwriter series a collection of tools and scripts that have accumulated over the years, and each of which seems to be too small to warrants its own project. an open source web browser engine (qt port) bin graphical manager for setting libinput-gestures touchpad gestures. discrete wavelet transforms in python find .pacnew files and merge them with neovim diff vim plugin for syntax checking and highliting for opencl files. small utility to set the caps lock state in an x session. ruby libglade2 bindings. python script to enable macro keys of the razer blackwidow keyboard under gnu/linux an easy to use manager and mounter for encfs stashes. haxima is an ultima-like game engine (2d tile graphics) with combat, magic, npc ai, an embedded scripting language, and in-game editing. google chrome profile for justbrowsing lightweight system monitor for x, without x11 dependencies trizen's aur package manager: a lightweight wrapper for aur. parallel versions of the openssh tools ssh, scp, rsync, nuke, slurp a free speech codec suitable for robust voip network caller id skel module. automatic tv episode file renamer using python, it uses data from thetvdb.com via tvdb_api. testinfra test your infrastructures adds 'send to bluetooth device' to nautilus right-click menu a small command-line program to get/set the current keyboard layout. command-line utility for referencing emoji characters by name remove your comment history on reddit as deleting an account does not do so. polygon clipping library (also known as clipper) virtualbox guest kernel modules for lts kernel libraries for java: unix sockets, cgi, hexdump an irc (internet relay chat) client. add-on compatibility reporter addon for firefox developer previews & betas an indicator for google calendar. a poe component base class which implements the observer pattern cryptographic library for identification with schnorr id scheme and blind rsa signatures the editor that boosts your python development ros - contains a node that rotates an image stream in a way that minimizes the angle between a vector in some arbitrary frame and a vector in the camera frame. kde screenshot capture utility mkscaladocset is a script and accompanying scala code to build documentation sets for the dash documentation browser from documentation that has been produced by scaladoc. a dmenu frontend to pass with clipboard and autotype functionality for user and password. flask-paginate is a simple paginate extension for flask which is reference to will_paginate, and use bootstrap as css framework. hurl is a hexadecimal & url encoder  decoder, and does several base conversions (similar to radare's rax(2) utility) gif encoder based on libimagequant (pngquant, gifquant?). squeezes maximum possible quality from the awful gif format free web browser plugin to run applets written in java and an implementation of java web start the nagios server nrpe plugin (install on the monitoring machine). poppler glib bindings ldap schema for fusiondirectory argonaut plugin base libraries from ilm for openexr the cache interface rfcat, the swiss army knife of subghz parse a mime.types file, and query the results ros - c implementation of bond, a mechanism for checking when another process has terminated. etherpad-lite with systemd socket-activation qemu without gui, for foreign architectures nvidia driver library symlinks for 'nvidia-utils-llb' digital communications in medicine (dicom) file io. depends on grassroots dicom (gdcm). this package is not available in repos for all distros. contributors: judd storrs, kris thielemans, john donoghue a privacy oriented firewall application (daemon, cli & gui). a collection of turkish translations of linux manual pages maia theme for sddm a bzr plugin to construct a bzr branch based on a recipe graphical and simple wine-prefix manager which allows you to launch apps and manage configuration of separate prefixes. breeze purple cursor theme. a simple bash and yad-based appointment system. beamer color theme using the solarized palette a wrapper around the standard ping tool with the objective of making the output prettier, more colorful, more compact, and easier to read. a fast framebuffer-based terminal emulator for linux load system gems via bundler dsl a computational software program used in scientific, engineering, and mathematical fields and other areas of technical computing. a helper program of factorio an implementation of sed in go. new interactive ide that lets you modify running programs and embed anything from websites to games. a personal and small-business financial-accounting application - git version a translator library for vector and raster geospatial data formats (pdf, filegdb, kmz support) a personal wiki for vim a video thumbnail generator based on ffmpeg. userspace wpan network daemon native pandora radio client convert ascii files between the ms-dos/windows format and the unix format provides internal gnat compiler components in a library which is used by (at least) asis and gnatcoll. zeroconf service advertising and discovery for pd, purr-data version a low-latency audio server interactive spherical geometry software simple graphical batch image resizer perl made ide, highly customisable kernel modules for the terratec dmx6fireusb soundcard, including firmware astroml is a python module for machine learning and data mining built on numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, and matplotlib. gtk gui for neovim - in development!! the standalone app for react native debugger, with react devtools / redux devtools pipe-driven gtk interfaces that can be designed using glade lprngtool id3v1/id3v2 tag manipulation package in pure python 3 a cd player for gnu/linux with a ncurses (text mode) interface. programming language designed for live coding liquid tag for displaying github gists in jekyll sites. buildbot worker daemon walk through a directory tree and run callbacks on files, symlinks and directories. workflow mgmgt  task scheduling  dependency resolution schedule an alarm for a program when starting it a gui theme editor for openbox. tool that converts raw binary firmware into dfu format and back contribute to physics research by finding clever ways of manipulating and moving atoms non-destructive, layer-based photo retouching including raw image development handle multiple encrypted root devices skymaker is a program that simulates astronomical images (build from source) the llvm compiler infrastructure consolas font command line utility to backup evernote notes and notebooks decred daemon written in go a secure alternative to vim modelines. latest git version libretro port of pocketcdg, karaoke player command line interface for lifx light bulbs written in python 3 slatec common mathematical library english (us) language pack for firefox beta wikicreole is a markup language for wikis the gnu bourne again shell (development version)(static-version) additional functions for manipulation and analysis of strings. lightweight and smart php ide open source toolkit for medical image conversion folding@home is a distributed computing project which studies protein folding, misfolding, aggregation, and related diseases - beta version. microchip's mplab xc8 c compiler toolchain for their pic10/12/16/18 microcontroller families and their pic14000 device a popular tablature editor software for guitar, bass, and many other instruments. a text editor in memorial to norton editor with block and binary operations - git version a delicious aur helper. made from cower. open source real-time strategy game with the comfy anno1602 feeling. list resources in widgets convert comments from niconico/acfun/bilibili to ass format a web server serving blank html pages pygments wrapper for ruby perl package to get intersection (of set theory) of arrays. a lightweight interface for interacting with the graphical display of virtualized guest os a fun little game of black jack. convert simple warn into real exception object a virtual network service for openstack - embrane plugin ros - this rqt plugin ros package provides easy view of .launch files. fast and easy-to-use client for sending sms over internet gateways a preprocessor for i3 config files aimed to drastically reduce their length pacmantheme - play the pacman theme song with the motherboard buzzer papirus theme for libreoffice (git version) openrc brltty init script easy-to-use command-line tools for building tcp client-server applications. wanderer is a game like boulderdash, repton, xor. (wanderer) idempotent iptables wrapper for appending and deleting rules. cli application for downloading music from musicforprogramming.net a generic and open source processor emulator which achieves a good emulation speed by using dynamic translation. git version. gtk support, spice support and pulseaudio microphone input delay workaround patch included. support for the markdown language through a modified port of the discount markdown processor x11 screen saver extension wire protocol - git version a webservice for disabling distracting files. ibm i access client solutions provides a java based, platform-independent interface for ibm iaccess/iseries (formerly known as as400). smoothvideo project 4 (svp4) a class for discovering the local system's ip address gui front-end of fontconfig a qt-based epwing dictionary viewer suite of tests for the render extension parser for http request/response written in c arm7tdmi based computer emulator with debugging tools a small command-line utility to show exif information hidden in jpeg files. matrix reference homeserver a filesystem that provides xattr support using sidecar files. virtual city environment for engineering problem based learning text terminal directory diff tool jsr-82 java implementation encoding detection collection for python. an interface to the gnu mpfr library for performing multiprecision floating point arithmetic with proper rounding. c library to handle bulletml easily (psp) famous monopoly board game (russian variation - 'manager'). in active development chromium os gestures library (binary version) rackspace auth plugin for openstack clients. plugin for firefox, statusbar indicator of the events from the network monitoring system nagios. a small tool to modify lcd backlight brightness a cli trash can (recycle bin) komodo edit codeintel playform is an open-world sandbox game written in rust nonorthodox painting software exploring and experimenting with alternative ways of drawing a tool for viewing and gethering system performance metrics. a gtk3 text editor flynn paas command-line interface coroutine-based concurrency library for pypy perl bindings for redhat newt library tpm (trusted platform module) 2.0 tools based on tpm2.0-tss a backtester for financial algorithms. a code editor for html, css and javascript with extract bundle. a bzr plugin to construct a bzr branch based on a recipe. (bazaar source code) a balanced, good quality gm soundbank network security tool for packet manipulation that allows a large number of options the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. universal command line interface for amazon web services awscli versatile commodore emulator (provides desktop files for easy use in gnome) an application which allows to manage the settings of many aspects of the gnustep environment and its applications. a beautiful, modernized, browser-based irc client. privacy badger blocks spying ads and invisible trackers. open source java tool for automatically crawling and testing modern web applications bash script for retrieving song lyrics. self-contained iso 3166-1 country definitions. virtual midi piano keyboard. (svn version) driver for rtl8723bu dkms version a cross-platform xbmc addon designed with the goal of delivering hd content from all across the web. a static code analysis tool for coldfusion - dev branch perl/cpan module test::strict: check syntax, presence of use strict; and test coverage a wayland shell client standard screen manager of lxde firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - bulgarian ruby/rsync is a ruby library that can syncronize files between remote hosts by wrapping a call to the rsync binary. ros - voxel_grid provides an implementation of an efficient 3d voxel grid. e-series vcv modules copy your docs directly to the gh-pages branch. bgp/ospf/isis/rip/ripng routing daemon suite (fpm enabled) git version a webdav filesystem based on fuse a big5/gbk <-> utf-8 translating layer in terminal create docsets for dash.app-compatible api browser. a tool to analyze multi-byte xor cipher collection of sundry convenience headers caching based on computation time and storage space a tiny term for minimalists adlib sound player library a command-line based markdown presentation tool. a virtual network service for openstack - ibm sdn plugin agent openttd with jgr's patch pack. qemu with full support for non x86 architectures. git version export rcs or cvs history as a fastimport stream. the linux kernel and modules with pae (physical address extension) support thunderbird frontend for sogo a library for high-performance 2d graphics (lib32) personal cloud software a tribute to nintendo's the legend of zelda (nes) gstreamer editing services (git version) a minimal music player. conversion file stat(2) mode to/from string representation. a front-end to ssh-agent, allowing one long-running ssh-agent process per system, rather than per login ectool for chromebook pixel 2015 for controlling lightbar and fans. ros - library for the opencv-based panorama stitching algorithm. comprehensive support for concurrent code execution on multicore hardware middleware that works between postgresql servers and a postgresql database client. documentation for python sympy module. clone of the din1451 font as used on german roadsigns a voice chat application similar to teamspeak (development snapshots) fortune cookie file of joel spolsky quotes a toy 2d game engine written in swift using sdl2 perl moops cpan module git-version of the sheet music editor musescore workspace multi-scm commands a platform-independent promise library for c, implementing asynchronous continuations ros - python interfaces to moveit. library which allows legacy applications to use kernel same-page merging module implementing the default authorization stellar simulation objective caml lightweight xml parser pythonic libsndfile wrapper to read and write audio files. for python2. mssql module for php a powerful utility that can convert documents in many formats to plain text. vim-like editing plugin for eclipse java library for manipulating id3v1 and v2 tags on mp3 files. chicken scheme egg: the plt 'make' macro a pure python, thread-safe, minimalistic and pythonic rabbitmq client library provide a popcorntime clone for streaming movies directly from t411, cpasbien, songza, twitch, piratebay, youtube and dailymotion a c library for semidefinite programming (sdp) by b. borchers. the directory services componenet of the 389 directory server console for install from the admin server. a 2d logic puzzle game that plays with physics and perspective. an obs source service: download url make thunderbird look and behave like vim intel media sdk dispatcher library python module designed to help make the creation, manipulation and analysis of binary data as simple and natural as possible create maps for garmin gps devices from openstreetmap (osm) data. a client for keyholetv, an online television portal that links to japanese television channels, radio stations, and user-made channels. backup software to synchronize files and folders python language plugin for kdevelop - git build, python 3 version free software for accessing minidisc devices dns toolkit for python 3.x microsoft visual studio team explorer everywhere 2012 - command-line client for visual studio 2012 team foundation server oslo vmware library for openstack projects nvidia container runtime library publish data model objects as restful web services by annotating their zope interfaces. canon ij printer driver (for mg8100 series) adds a blur effect to gnome shell ui elements. the slightly more awesome standard unix password manager for teams. python bindings for openrtm-aist azerbaijani language pack for firefox beta python serialization module (build for pypy) loader plugin for the pure programming language, pd-extended version open and extensible gplv3 deep packet inspection library a simple script for pdf reading on tty / cli, framebuffer, fbi and poppler are needed. animated 3d mmd models on the desktop provides type 1 fonts of the ocr-a typeface. xmpp terminal and web console sokuten the cartwheel excercise on your terminal. a lightweight c library for rdf syntax which supports reading and writing turtle and ntriples various extra foils for mse. this one is the fire object gradient. a volume control plugin for gkrellm2 a command line application for playing gameboy sound files (gbs) free software file packaging solution. compounding/compression/encryption with tar/xz/gz/scrypt a general purpose c runtime system for parallel and distributed applications of any scale a shell script for throttling system cpu frequency based on a desired maximum temperature. scan the selected files/folders with clamav using spacefm, the open source (gpl) antivirus engine. a sci-fi colony simulation game driven by an intelligent ai storyteller. cli aplication to watch czech television streams lua script engine module for mainline nginx android c/c developer kit touchscreen two-finger gestures daemon a multi-platform mpeg, vcd/dvd, and divx player - nightly snapshot shared standard library for d programming language, gdc port a reliable, easy to use, backup and recovery software for linux supporting tape, optical, ftp, file, ssh, nas, rdx, rd1000, usb, samba, rev, and aes a desktop manager for xfce (git version) lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-9460cdn datacenter and server room asset management web-software python implementation of the pagekite remote front-end protocols. a minimalistic, but powerful console hex editor ros - mavros -- mavlink extendable communication node for ros with proxy for ground control station. a small c library which can create and read digital cinema packages using jpeg2000 and wav files python2 bindings for the enlightenment foundation libraries simple but fast application launcher. x11 xinerama extension wire protocol - git version python utils to extract& analyze text data of pdf files. varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko circular double linked list implementation in standard iso-c11 sun's rewrite of filte for java a simple application launcher written in c and using gtk ros - control_msgs contains base messages and actions useful for controlling robots. a streaming-based json formatter in ruby. lightning network desktop wallet a library for choosing window system and opengl api at runtime determine the encoding of html/xml/xhtml documents up to date simple useragent faker with real world database. a convenience wrapper around the built-in sqlite3 module in python minimalist pbkdf2 (rfc 2898) with hmac-sha1 or hmac-sha2 chakra tulip wallpaper by almack a portable gui library for c python pump.io library python module for colorizing output with xterm 256 color support print the url of the first result of a youtube search complete solution to record, convert and stream audio and video (mingw-w64) live preview markdown and restructuredtext files as html in a web browser devd: a web daemon for developers plasma library and runtime components based upon kf5 and qt5 small ssh server and client http/rest api client library. screenshot program for linux text consoles add localuser to xhost on login python client library for heat the arch linux based distro that runs upon any linux distros without root access a module for profiling compiled extensions extra profiles for firejail system cleaner whiley development kit. a programming language particularly suited to safety-critical systems rainloop webmail for nextcloud owfs is an easy way to use the powerful 1-wire system of dallas/maxim. jazzpunk is an adventure comedy game and poorly made word processor (humble bundle version). a java open source desktop search application logitech keyboard per-key lighting control examples for magnum opengl graphics engine (git version) use requests to talk http via a unix domain socket tools for splitting, applying and combining data a terminal built on web technologies the world's most beautiful sustainable font a library for parsing iso 8601 strings a c  library that retrieves factorio's mod information a pseuco compiler written in java a simple console-based serial port terminal ansi cursor movement and graphics the islamic tools library for prayer times and hijri calculations virtual machine hypervisor & tools ros - a metapackage which extends ros_base and includes ros libaries for any robot hardware. intel media sdk dispatcher library (git version) a beautifully simple editor for markdown documents a web interface for git written in plain c - git checkout map a directory hierarchy a generic and efficient data structure for representing and manipulating polygonal meshes a safe, concurrent, practical language from mozilla. (language and api documentation) python 2 sql toolkit and object relational mapper speech recognition research toolkit chinese lunar calendar widget for gtk a nested x server that runs as an x application - git x desktop environment display and session management xml2swf and swf2xml processor with import functionalities openstacks database schema migration for sqlalchemy an irc client similar to ircii, botchx, or ircii epic. a protocol plugin for remmina to open a rdp connection with rdesktop. a small little utility to run a couple of executables under a new dbus session for testing a jalaali (jalali, persian, khorshidi, shamsi) calendar system plugin for moment.js javascript library. compile purescript files. analog clock in ncurses. meta package for the group `base` container platform focused on supporting "mobility of compute". canon ij scanner driver (for mp640 series) a toolkit from ncbi to download sra data files and reference sequences and to do file format conversions easy to use command-line interface for python modules, fork of entrypoint authentication library for the courier mailserver(s) python apis for spglib, a c library for finding and handling crystal symmetries. very powerful graph editor written in java plugin which adds support for nero-aac audio codec for ogmrip standalone web browser from mozilla.org, developer build - hungarian redfang v2.5 is an enhanced version of the original application that finds non-discoverable bluetooth devices by brute-forcing the last six bytes of the device's bluetooth address and doing a read_remote_name(). ssh connectivity tools with multiple bindaddress patch a simple gnome shell extension for displaying weather informations from several cities the ui for hyperledger composer it strips wm-drm protection from wmv/asf/wma files as well as video/audio streams. an open source c toolkit for creative coding. blackfire profiler - fire up your php apps performance extra libraries for the ats2 programming language plugin adding totp to keepass2 tray menu, entry list and auto-type. python publish-subscribe package this extension implements the managesieve protocol for securely managing sieve script on a remote imap server preprocessor for typesetting haskell sources with latex applet for managing network connections with default setting to save authentication passwords in keyfile and make all new connections available for all users official qt gui wallet for monero, a private, secure, untraceable peer-to-peer currency capture screenshots and upload them using rsync plays the imperial march using the beep utility set of html documentation for perl. a static orange shell theme based on elegance colors a graphical tool for designing finite state machines use a minecraft server to generate a square of land. live audio streamer. reads from audio interface, encodes, sends to streaming server. report when files change minimalist x11 window manager, based on evilwm check perl modules have version numbers fortune quotes from californication per-application volume control for gnu/linux desktops simple dom operation library. a boulder dash clone, intended to be as close to the original as possible. chemical and biological publishing software tetris meets pong, with more twists than a contortionist club's secret handshake catalan hunspell dictionaries. includes valencian ca_es-valencia time series data visualization and graphing software audio modem communication library a caching proxy to serve http files to multiple clients at once amd/ati catalyst drivers for linux aka crimson. catalyst-dkms  catalyst-utils  lib32-catalyst-utils  experimental powerxpress suppport. pre-gcn radeons are optionally supported easy usb access from python a gloomy refind theme based on evanpurkhiser/refind-minimal and lukechilds/refind-ambience a dlna/upnp-av media server with transcode support easy application-level caching a simple command line utility to set the frequency and gain of the funcube dongle sdr receiver - pro plus version software implementation of the ieee 754-2008 decimal floating-point arithmetic specification kcm module for jackman, a collection of scripts that help managing multiple audio interfaces with jack porters stemming algorithm for denmark python module to access java class as python class, using jni. a viewing application for biosignals file system qa suite a perl module for reading .ini-style configuration files cryptocurrency perl/cpan module finance::quote : fetch stock prices over the internet classic self-classification code generator rules for polkit to add compatibility with pklocalauthority generates python code for classes that correspond to data structures defined by xmlschema a modern and intuitive terminal-based text editor the srecord package is a collection of powerful tools for manipulating eprom load files. driver for the brother dcp-j963n wifi multifuncional printer apache tika python library the new-age password manager ch341 usb-i2c adapter driver secure lan messenger a middlebox detection tool a tool to extract a file hierarchy from an iso image ros - ros messages for publishing graphs of different data types. interactive cli tool for http inspection cqed is a highly flexible framework for simulating open quantum dynamics. library for raising indicators via dbus free game based on the doom engine automatically encode column values simple high-performance implementation of several "scalability protocols" gmp modular exponent extension a sega master system / gamegear console emulator an html5 management interface for kvm orbment plugins for wayland wall protocols a desktop oriented kernel and modules with liquorix patches kicad script to convert bom xml into spreadsheet video chat browser plug-in for google hangouts a user-friendly, customizable comic/image viewer amazon cloud player integration for nuvola player. r7rs scheme implementation developed to be a handy script interpreter a fuzzy search tool for the command line rakarrack effects ported to lv2 plugins (git version) flatbuffers compiler and library in c for c low level virtual machine (runtime libraries) neko project 2 (pc98 emulator) port for libretro/retroarch displays system stats such as cpu, memory, swap, and network usage musicbrainz tagging application the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lalxml gstreamer 0.10 configuration tool for gnome (part of gnome-media) look up norwegian nynorsk or bokmål words in an inflectional dictionary c language family frontend for llvm, patched for pypy-stm dropbox for linux - caja extension tagspaces is an open source personal data manager. it helps you organize files with tags on every platform. none plugin for teamspeak 3. allows follwing users through channels. ros - tools for directing, throttling, selecting, and otherwise messing with ros topics at a meta level. open source data visualization and analysis for novice and experts. data mining through visual programming or python scripting. a gtk3 frontend for libalpm - classic version class: cosmic linear anisotropy solving system birthday reminder a lightweight display manager gtk frontend for libqalculate, without gnome dependencies epson printer driver (xp-312, xp-313, xp-315, xp-412, xp-413, xp-415) perform a full diff between all pacman packages and the file system network audio system is a network transparent, client/server audio transport system. provides libaudio2.so. a hebrew simulation typeface derived from ezra sil bacula - a network backup tool (director) write short movies with your canon eos directly to computer using the live view mode. 3d remake of the original bomberman/dynablaster game periodically change background image in x11. can be a slideshow screensaver too trained language data for tesseract ocr engine dutch beer-brewing tool with recipes a system monitor for mate (gtk2 version) a shell script to manage postgresql archiving and basebackups implements basic operations for analysis and design of feedback control systems in python python library for energenie remote board access on a raspberry pi signalyst network audio daemon js services for implementing the client-server api on matrix ldap authentication through openldap for prosody simple gui for bup, a very efficient backup system. windowed adaptive trimming for fastq files using quality an implementation of the stringprep, punycode and idna 2003 specifications tideways profiler php extension mcmc sample analysis, kernel densities, plotting, and gui test json data dockapp showing a simple cpu and memory monitor. pythonic dbus library android google apis, api-${_api} lxqt system-tray applet for connman minimalist web browser - gtk2 version manaplus git version. program using the gtk toolkit to display gps satellite position and signal strength information utility used to store, backup, and transport files a gui front-end to fossil scm lightweight qt5 plain text editor for linux many-to-many alignment model a lint-like tool for python to identify common errors quickly without executing code (git version) chameleon x cursor theme (darkskyblue flavour) the octave-forge doctest package finds specially-formatted blocks of example code within documentation files. it then executes the code and confirms the output is correct. this can be useful as part of a testing framework or simply to ensure that [...] a flat and light theme with a modern look (gnome, openbox, unity, xfce) (dark blue variant) a hebrew male voice for the mbrola synthesizer just-in-time compiler and drop-in replacement for lua 5.1 the linux-lts316 kernel and modules unicode sinhala font a hijri calendar (based on umm al-qura calculations) plugin for moment.js javascript library. taobao system activity reporter hibiscus plugin for jameica plattform simple gui for unlocking luks encrypted devices simple image comparison tool offline system update with pacman a highly-available key value store for shared configuration and service discovery. a simple ping program continiously probing multiple hosts using icmp-echo load homebrew apps over network/usbgecko to your wii kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-npt kernel pure lua json module with utf-8 support and without any dependencies to other external libraries emacs minor mode that displays a tab bar at the top tool to convert nintendo 3ds ctr cart image files (cci, ".3ds") to the ctr importable archive format (cia). facebook protocol plugin for bitlbee calls any plain c function with an argument list created dynamically. the file-roller with an additional patch to use unzip-iconv for unzip archive file cp932 charset. 3d modeller a brand-new compiler that allows practical application development using r7rs scheme industrial strength alternative to ocaml's standard library translations for statusnotifier menu client for mpd with vi-like key bindings a heap memory profiler mpd plasmoid for plasma 5. fortune quotes from 3rd rock from the sun generic lua sandbox for dynamic data analysis python nicknym agent. libretro implementation of nxengine. (cave story) a new calendar application for gnome 3. it is currently under heavy development. threewave is a modification for quake 3 that features capture the flag (ctf) gameplay. a simple lightdm theme a text editor written in java plugin for vapoursynth: convo2d (git version) example netctl profile for eduroam at tu dresden generates code from type specifications openfabrics alliance infiniband subnet manager and administrator the native host for the watch with mpv chrome extension. c implementation of 3mf loading with sip python bindings adadomain sphinxcontrib extension oo wrapper to gpc library firmware dvb-usb-wt220u-miglia-01.fw for miglia tvmini usb dvb-t stick uses mmap to map in a file as a perl variable morning_star gtk themes collection support for legacy rc.local scripts cctz timezone library inspect psd files from the command line pure-python non-blocking io functions a simple, header-only, mit-licensed c logging library. a free and fully featured rocket flight simulator - 6 degrees of freedom unified communications platform provide access to your ruby and operating system runtime via the commonjs api u-boot for pcduino3 digest::md4::perl - perl interface to the md4 algorithm a command line utility that makes it easy to integrate web services into your shell scripts an elegant and modern git repository viewer. runtime for axoloti a machine learning-based toolkit for the processing of natural language text easy way to switch between displaylink and optimus deepin wine fonts a tool for checking common errors in rpm packages. a cross-platform framework for working with schematized data a basic decorative medieval style ttf font by dieter steffmann library for linux that makes using posix capabilities easy terratec cinergy t stick usb dvb-t kernel module multi-level, over-the-cell maze router compares two source sets and determines the appropriate semantic versioning to apply. the committer's guide from the freebsd documentation project. c library of mathematical, signal processing and communication routines mutes spotify advertisements. community provided tags for packages. a library for qt5-based telepathy clients documentation for testng, including javadocs a python vxi-11 driver for controlling instruments over ethernet. ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) kde desktop integration for kopano-deskapp notifies you when long-running terminal commands complete quest for infamy is a role-playing adventure game where you assume the identity of mr. roehm - a scoundrel who is on the run from his latest scrape. gog version. linux native. perl omnicompletion for vim (including base class function compleltions .. etc) a cross-platform application and ui framework (translations, mingw-w64) generate metalinks for downloading pacman packages and databases. utilities library for belledonne communications software utilities for rescue and embedded systems a ctypes-based python interface to the mpv media player the runtime library for autorest generated python clients. ros - geometry library. friendly systemctl wrapper python library for working with the puppetdb api (python 3 version) proprietary music addon package for openclonk language and environment for statistical computing and graphics ppf (playstation patch file) v3.0 apply tool tool for creating simple menus in linux environments. quick, simple but powerful cross platform image editor. pan is a usenet newsreader that's good at both text and binaries. development version. final fantasy xi server emulator a second life (secondlife) protocol compatible client application, used to access its service as well as a number of other such as those based upon opensim platform package, patch, pattern, and product management mqtt version 3.1 client class binfmt_aout kernel module, for running an a.out binary format php extension and application repository powerlevel9k theme for zsh a very pretty cli implementation of the popular 2048 game written in rust a multi-platform, simple pcm audio server and client. this decorator will turn your normal python functions into proper shell commands brew & manage php versions in pure php at home modglue library for cadabra computer algebra system (cas) netsukuku andns debootstrap installs a basic debian system into a directory, for use with chroot(8). vmdeboostrap is a wrapper around it to install debian into a disk image, which can be used with a virtual machine (such as kvm). libtrace is a library for trace processing the navigation of flask application. none display and analyse x-ray crystallography diffraction images a set of tools for capturing, timestamping, processing, and injecting network traffic. simple, high-reliability, distributed software configuration management a high-level scripting language (native msvc version) (mingw-w64) a multi-platform toolkit (v1) a conservative quake port bootstrap a debian system gtk3 library with my modifications (see readme) a parsing library for ripe atlas measurement results mysqltcl allows to connect mysql-database from tcl scripting language. ide for microchip pic and dspic development ip leak prevention for openvpn cross platform nds file trimmer a low-level ufo reader and writer. metapackage to pull all dependencies required to build lineageos vi like emacs dbd::oracle - oracle database driver for the dbi module gui wrapper for tomb, the crypto undertaker an application to convert python scripts into stand-alone binaries qemu for foreign architectures. git version. simple and fast launcher for x11 where developers come to talk gtk2/3  gnome shell theme based on a ubuntu 18.04 design concept. a drop-down terminal emulator based on kde konsole technology. (git version) industrial strength alternative to ocaml's standard library (system-independent part) the mikelpint repository keyring. library for manipulating sets and relations of integer points bounded by linear constraints networkmanager vpn plugin for vpnc jasp, a low fat alternative to spss, a delicious alternative to r. a true type font by p.d. magnus. brushed, distressed, grunge, rough recursive dependency-traversing batch-engraver for gnu lilypond a geographic information system (gis) software with immense capabilities for geodata processing and analysis. compactible with qgis vim plugin for code::blocks flash for the latest version of midori multi-channel receiver with use of rtl-sdr dongles a library for mutidimensional numerical integration open robot control software is a tool to create real-time robotics applications using modular, run-time configurable software components (c toolkit) s-expression parser for python virtuoso is a scalable cross-platform server that combines relational,\ graph, and document data management with web application server and web \ services platform functionality. a qt handler library for udev event system notifications algorithmia command line interface tools (git version) a collection of general-purpose c classes freeware version of the komodo chess engine (~3295 elo) clam turns command-line tools into fully restful webservices and also offers a modern web-based user-interface simple screen recorder with an easy to use interface a multilingual terminal on framebuffer a universal steganographic tool greenpak1-5 designer your bibliography on the command line an ncurses text editor with an easy-to-read, hackable c source. simple and slim mailing-list manager inspired by ezmlm examines your scala code and indicates potential problems with it. measures noise levels to various standards bonuspack 3: the inoxx pack for unreal tournament. a mail applet for the system tray to watch your maildir box and get notifications whenever there's a new mail. mechanize like module using webkit browser pari package of j. e. cremona elliptic curve data. make apple keyboards like all your other keyboards c library for molecular modeling. (mingw-w64) python client library for owncloud a high performance linux network sniffer for packet inspection (git version). ros - this package contains common nodelet tools such as a mux, demux and throttle. a light-weight and simple task manager based upon gtd ros - tools for directing, throttling, selecting, and otherwise messing with ros topics at a meta level. open source implementation of the afs distributed file system a framework for searching and managing metadata java wrapper for 7-zip c library. tools and apis for code analysis, visualization and transformation watch a sphinx directory and rebuild the documentation when a change is detected. also includes a livereload enabled web server. this plugin aims to provide a full ldap interface to supann schema a number of simple utilities for manipulating html and xml files. google from the command-line. pipes an ogg stream to an icecast server pure c implementation of the oculus rift sdk a database testing tool an enhanced version of the prboom doom engine port a chm (ms html help file format) viewer based on xulrunner. delphi-like build environment for freepascal dblib module for php check catkin packages for common errors ryu component-based software defined networking framework easy-to-use java xml parser slade3 doom editor (git version) a vulnerability scanner for web applications. it currently search vulnerabilities like xss, sql and xpath injections, file inclusions, command execution, ldap injections, crlf injections... prints some info on input nzbs - just like mediainfo. a ncurse telegram client developed in python a generic library providing simple thread-safe messaging between threads. multicast shared co-navigation library for bible programs a tower defense / rpg hybrid that focuses on story, customization, and tactics. a mdl interpreter n at a time iteration api trained language data for tesseract ocr engine create and combine magic gems, put them into your towers and banish the monsters back to hell! qt im module for fcitx - 32-bit dockapp for monitoring disk space on partitions. a website quality assurance reporting tool a library written in c for qt that implements the oauth 1.0 authentication specification rfc 5849. (git version) the serious interactive astronomical software ephemeris sql parsing and processing engine a tabbed, tiling window manager with fur a simple method of moving music from your pc, onto your windows phone device, over wireless (including automatic conversion). a simple python 2 module for parsing human names into their individual components bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - common files a tool to create stacked configuration structures tools for manipulating next-generation sequencing data an improved screenlocker based upon xcb and pam with color configuration support spatialite-gui is an open source graphical user interface (gui) tool supporting spatialite. development version a petri net editor/simulator mascot constructive pilot for x – cloudef's fork concurrent versions system - a source control system ("feature" release series, with debian patches) a helper class for handling configuration defaults of packaged django apps gracefully high-performance sort-last parallel rendering library distributed and parallel python x11 miscellaneous extensions library (x32 abi) general purpose library and file format for storing scientific data. an open-source high-level multiplatform programming language and compiler that can produce applications and source code for many different platforms from a single code-base the hdf5 java native interfaces (jni) for 32-bit object ids (files created with versions up to 1.8) python implementation of the secure remote password protocol (srp) russian dictionary for wps office old school 2d shoot 'em up game xineliboutput remote frontends (vdr-fbfe and vdr-sxfe) ij printer driver for canon pixma ip110 lpr driver for brother mfc-j6720dw multifunction network printer perl/cpan module marc::record: perl extension for handling marc records pack, ship and run any application as a lightweight container, using official binaries a virtual network service for openstack - sr-iov plugin agent discord plugin for weechat rod smith's fork of refit uefi boot manager - precompiled binary - built with gnu-efi libs terminal screen handling and optimization package python openssl wrapper. for modern cryptography with ecc, aes, hmac, blowfish... an ada binding to the 'ncurses' c library. high-end 3d animation package lossless music addon for drascula fast and modern javascript engine used in google chrome. a weather application based on stormcloud terminal moon control clone. c/c, fortran and midl tasks for apache ant. c interface to blas (32-bit) maya serie green cursor theme cms, or contest management system, is a distributed system for running and (to some extent) organizing a programming contest. this is a fork used for the german ioi team selection process. xo oriel condensed font created considering trends of modern typography from «новые облачные технологии» a c library for discrete graphical models fast and high quality sampling rate converter openvpn systemd-resolved updater kernel module for highpoint rocketraid 276x (2760/2760a) sas/sata hba/raid cards 2d3d game making for indies. edit fragment shaders and view changes in realtime php extension compatible with amqp 0-9-1 message brokers buttons for managing cookies, cookie permissions, and site cookie exceptions. the voice chat application server for mumble (static version) the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security (with via padlock hardware encryption engine support) scalable i/o engine a cross-platform application and ui framework (development tools, qthelp) quick, simple but powerful cross platform image editor. gui application for easy creating access points. application allows save configuration for quickly create ap. color schemes for dichromats a slender monospace typeface. shape: liberation mono. convert pngs to and from a text format representation the extensible drawing editor a virtual network service for openstack - ibm sdn plugin a backend for text editor plugins for haskell blender add-on for creating architecture elements. adwaita theme hacked to use my custom color scheme. (dark blues instead of greys.) maya serie blue cursor theme socks4, socks5 or http proxy (anorov fork pysocks replaces socksipy) equalizer for pulseaudio open-source sony playstation 3 emulator line-granularity, thread-aware deterministic and statistic pure-python profiler uses an mmap'ed file to act as a shared memory interprocess cache use titania to create standard complient x3d/vrml worlds for publishing on the world wide web and for creating stand alone applications a user-space implementation of the nfsv3 server specification a command-line interface to the python package index (pypi). hterm serial terminal upload gui for openstreetcam, a collaborative street view the continuous integration framework a command scheduler for shells a pretty sweet 4px wide pixel font with box-drawing, powerline, braille and sparklines glyphs. photo booth implementation for parties. modern communication, full privacy. lightweight upnp igd daemon (git) the client tools for the origin platform that powers openshift tomorrow theme for vim. development version. a framework for proteomics data analysis. open link layer discovery protocol - lldp agent daemon dts coherent acoustics decoder with support for hd extensions a nice easy way to build common lisp images bitcoin blockchain library compatibility module providing lua-5.3-style apis for lua 5.1 ros - rqt_rviz provides a gui plugin embedding rviz. perl/cpan module gtk2::sexy focuses on emulating amiga games using the accurate emulation code from winuae ros - the diagnostic_analysis package can convert a log of diagnostics data into a series of csv files. mount&blade resource editor by marco tarini. php pecl extension providing interface to libevent library python intelhex library component-based simulation package designed for modeling communication networks text anywhere, anytime and on any device cross-platform qt web browser. qtwebkit branch. microsoft azure command-line tools appservice command module a program which almost perfectly simulates thedraw for dos. java app to download all your telegram data. the sisiya remote checks. action roguelike-like about mutants that spend their workdays trying to fight for the throne in a post-apocalyptic world. aur package build system free implementation of the .net platform including runtime and compiler fullscreen qt wayland compositor fortune quotes from blackadder embedded linux library library for the display-o-tron raspberry pi add-on board from pimoroni. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j200 jameica plattform small audio and midi framework part of the openbsd project epson printer driver (l805) yet another rss reader for gnome notification area. c11 port of docopt (deprecated) extend your attribute interfaces irq-tune for set smp affinity and irqstat for better watch /proc/interrupts, designet for numa systems perl dynaloader::functions cpan module moving (rolling, running) window statistic functions, read/write for gif and envi binary files, fast calculation of auc, logitboost classifier, base64 encoder/decoder, round-off-error-free sum and cumsum, etc. a simple dictionary using youdao webpage source protect yourself against dns poisoning in china. a full-featured file system for online data storage. numix white icons theme format rust code python library for solar physics wowmatrix is a 100% free wow addon installer and updater themes for emerald ld_preload hack with helper scripts to make gtk and qt-only programs use kde file dialogs. next generation, high-performance debugger tool to create a secure kubernetes cluster cmake plugin for eclipse pycom firmware updater for wipy and lopy iot boards verge is the privacy focused & secure alternative to other cryptocurrencies. (git version) unzip like tool for commodore amiga filesystem .adf images yet another signify tool open-source drag & drop ui design tool for javafx (java 8) by gluon threads for lua and luajit. transparent exchange of data between threads is allowed thanks to torch serialization. desktop app to control an android device remotely using mouse and keyboard python ddr game alien is a program that converts between the rpm, dpkg, stampede slp, and slackware tgz file formats a command line tool to run qemu in the most common configurations bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - libs and tools for postgresql catalog a dynamic logic proof tool a simple wrapper around inotify. ascii flow chart editor visual understanding environment profiling tool for openmp applications a library to identify devices (phones, tablets) and their capabilities by parsing (browser/http) user agent strings python module to parse metadata in video files. use http and ftp urls with io::all complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mg6100 series a moest twitter client (upstream version) stream analyzer intended for reverse engineering and cryptographic analysis. the parallel forest (p4est) library, built to work with deal.ii (i.e., the deal-ii package) the gnu compiler collection (4.6.x) live looping sampler capable of immediate loop recording a standalone utility for handling systemd-style tmpfiles.d settings pacman updates for conky via rss a ray tracing based rendering engine for high-fidelity visualization style checker for coffeescript a python module that allows you to get power and battery status of the system an implementation of the xmms2 media player interface mpris as a client for mpd pacman/yaourt helper - manage packages in a single file ros - hector_compressed_map_transport provides means for transporting compressed map data through the use of image_transport. utility to setup mountable sftp and webdav connections on linux/unix systems. automates repetitive mouse clicking to reduce rsi. opmsg message encryption a major mode for creating packages with emacs an asynchronous web framework for c built on top of qt set password for main system inside initrd a simple mixer application designed to run in your system tray. a simple rebar-compatible dependency manager and developer tool with plugins ros - graphical frontend for interacting with joint_trajectory_controller instances. angry ip scanner (or simply ipscan) is an open-source and cross-platform network scanner designed to be fast and simple to use. it scans ip addresses and ports as well as has many other features. git goodies: at-a-glance, efficient, and aesthetically pleasing git shortcuts celestia addon: sol: texture maps: sun an attempt to create openbox themes to fit with the rest of the arc theme. (git) "let me google that for you" command line tool. android sdk sources, api-17 add words for spell checking pod (deprecated) sampler backend, including sampler engine, audio and midi drivers, network layer (lscp) api and native c api control for jolla phones (contacts and sms) help when paging through sets of results enhanced entity-relationship (eer) modelling application python module for reading and writing grib (editions 1 and 2) files. ros - the state machine compiler (smc) from http://smc.sourceforge.net/ converts a language-independent description of a state machine into the source code to support that state machine. perl extension for online payment processing encryption helper for terraform a bead rope crochet design software wordnik api for python konqueror/kde service menu to download youtube videos a vim plugin to show the number of matches and index when searching printer driver for canon pixma mx495 python tools for handling intervals (ranges of comparable objects). console user interface for managing virtual machines qt-style wrapper for accounts service dependency based init system that works with sysvinit. fcitx theme. user level (lightweight) tcp/ip stack with ipv6 support (dev files) tfel/mfront introduces dsls based on c to handle material knowledge define things according to a specification, using hashes a tool to help to convert an application pyqt4 to pyqt5 free and opensource jabber library, written in c using cross-platform framework qt. - development version a beautiful cross platform desktop player for google play music. stable release. a tutorial app showcasing how to use the low level api from safe_app_nodejs library to build a simple email application. a modular, extendible software for evolutionary biology, designed to help biologists organize and analyze comparative data about organisms wxwidgets common (gnome/gstreamer free!) bofh excuses fortune cookie files seamonkey internet suite (gtk2 version) a qt plugin that bridges the qaccessible api’s to the at-spi 2 protocol, giving blind and visually impaired users access to qt applications. enjoy a captivating story, dynamic combat system and beautiful graphics in the second installment in the rpg saga about the witcher, geralt of rivia. x.org tdfx video driver (chet's editor), a small, fast, emacs-like text editor. make data flow processing easy dedicated server for the knights and merchants remake (strategy game) ncar command language, is an interpreted language designed specifically for scientific data analysis and visualization cli-like environment to interact with ii (irc it) -- git version optimization toolbox for solving various sparse estimation problems with python interface client library for krpc, a remote procedure call server for kerbal space program ceti-2 is a theme for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell. it supports gtk 3 and gtk 2 based desktop environments like gnome, unity, budgie, pantheon, etc. userspace fault injection framework vulkan hardware capability viewer sync with mega. daemon, fuse and cli client. original sdk (git). java entity relationship model application a ncurses audio player. open uri with your favorite browser from vim x-com data files (from steam) for openxcom the bittorrent bencode python module as leight-weight, standalone package. free library for encoding h264/avc video streams (mingw-w64) an emule-like client for the ed2k and kademlia p2p networks (daemon only, development version) set of algorithms and procedures used in fundamental astronomy volume control for your system tray efficient graph clustering software. eigen nonlinearoptimization interface for roboptim core. de/encryption character by character chronic is a natural language date/time parser written in pure ruby. wolfenstein: enemy territory 2.60b compatible client/server (etlegacy engine) informative git prompt for zsh celestia addon: fictional: star wars: tatooine, endor and death star x11 pci access library - git version gnome-shell extension disabling hotcorners fgo! is a fast and simple gui-launcher for flightgear flight simulator, written in python a tiny window manager written in only ~50 lines of code a read-eval-print loop in perl dead simple configuration file parser a portable, high level programming interface to various calling conventions (abi version 5) fast decoder for url parameter strings less with syntax highlighting c client for redis ssoclient. (python3 version) save and restore named fehbg states. a git-annex special remote using owncloud openstack sphinx extensions and theme a set of irc services designed for flexibility and ease of use icc profiles from adobe kde connect protocol implementation in vala/c freedesktop.org hicolor icon theme (mingw-w64) wrapper library around tre that provides posix api (mingw-w64) a super mario bros. clone evented i/o for v8 javascript (legacy version 0.12) swedish (sweden) language pack for pale moon browser decodes various openssh public key formats an inkscape extension which lets you add latex equations to your drawings gui wrapper for tomb, the crypto undertaker a session management and attach/detach functionality (to use together with dvtm(1)). moksha places module built from git sources a small daemon intended to manage linux sysrq over network. the linux thermal daemon program from 01.org modern graphical system monitor, xfce4 panel plugin change terminal colors on the fly rpc plugin for keepass (used by the keefox addon for firefox) define simple search patterns in bulk to perform advanced matching on any string. open h.265 video codec implementation qt3 application for cutting parts out of dvb streams plasmoid for ambient noise reproduction universal python3 binding for the lmdb lightning database a simple command line journal application that stores your journal in a plain text file a virtual network service for openstack - one convergence plugin agent an open source jpeg 2000 codec, version 2.2.0 (mingw-w64) the quick and dirty literate programming documentation generator show the length of a mp3 file ca fire and forget is a script that helps you in keysigning. this is raghu malayalam sans, a font belonging to a set of truetype and opentype fonts released under the gnu general public license for malayalam language. git package for the gtk3, gtk2, metacity, and gnome-shell theme flat-plat, adapted to base16 colours. a browser plugin designed for the viewing of premium video content, standalone for vivaldi roguelite dungeon crawler game a simple application for adding the music files on your computer to your google music library simple scripts to properly mount the cgroupfs hierarchy flow causal studio a high-level wrapper for kerberos (gssapi) operations a font for the nostalgic from a 3270 series terminal. networkmanager vpn plugin for fortisslvpn - git checkout a python library to read and write structured data in csv, zipped csv format and to/from databases an highly customizable open source text editor and application development system forked from gnu emacs drivers for the rtl8192eu chipset for wireless adapters (d-link dwa-131). ldap schema for fusiondirectory personal plugin this library allows for the identification of a file's likely mime content type apertium language data for the basque-spanish translator. generates thumbnails for nautilus folders (music album covers,...). fortune quotes from that '70s show a python extension package for the firebird and interbase® relational databases amd/ati catalyst drivers for linux. catalyst-dkms  catalyst-utils  lib32-catalyst-utils  experimental powerxpress suppport. radeons hd 2 3 4 xxx are not supported raw to fits convertor tool for managing reusable components for c/c by mbed integrated multiprotocol network emulator/simulator a city simulation game (development version) the industry standard for running multiple operating systems as virtual machines on a single linux pc. python wayback for web archive replay and url-rewriting http/s web proxy alsi: a configurable system information tool for arch linux. [inspired by archey] 2d arcade/thinking game like lode runner (sdl version) papirus theme for smplayer (git version) c11/14 constexpr based containers, algorithms, random numbers, parsing, ray tracing, synthesizer, and others. show utf-8 human readable strings from source code to your tiny lcd via u8glib nord colourscheme for the qt terminal widget, used by qterminal a multiplatform open source programming language lightweight azkaban client a tiny json library for c11 a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator simple fb2 book reader on gtk3 an open source finite element differential equations analysis library gtkmm/gnomecanvasmm widget for boxes-and-lines style environments a plugin to flake8 to include checks provided by pydocstyle fortune cookies: kobayashi issa's haiku collection (7000) ros - the visulalization_marker_tutorials package. a standalone application to see what is playing in your favourite music player fonttools-based package for querying system fonts cli tool to download mp3 from xiami.com and music.163.com the mail indexer provides an api to open, create, and manipulate nexus data. daemon that performs monitoring and adaptive configuration of devices in the system generic mapping tools: collection of tools for manipulating geographic and cartesian data sets, and generating eps maps. extra console fonts from slackware contemporary widget theme for gtk formerly called nevernote, nixnote is a clone of evernote designed to run on linux simple terminal with xresources, scrollback, alpha support, 26px office code pro font, and zenburn colorscheme a collection of swf manipulation and creation utilities tool for generateing paged databases from geospatial imagery and heightfields gui for ambient noise player low level virtual machine a feature-rich java-based bittorrent client (previously called 'azureus') - bleeding edge version magic: the gathering textless templates for magic set editor. brother hl-l2315dw cups driver drm decrypting tool for samsung tvs international components for unicode library, version 4.8 a systemd service file for dunst, the notification daemon. a minimal sysvinit script set designed for raspberry pi plugin core for use by pytest-cov, nose-cov and nose2-cov threading design and prototyping tool for software architects 1.0.523188 dvb demux tool for repairing and analyzing different stream types gnu image manipulation program stream content to android devices over the internet – requires upnp/dnla backend e.g. mediatomb a simple offline-first synchronisation framework, to synchronize data of qt applications between devices implements python's random number interface by fetching data from random.org brutally optimizing scheme compiler, with debianization patches from github ros - conversion functions between kdl and geometry_msgs types. non-dns ip-to-country resolver c library & utils measure the pair-wise similarity of files or strings nvidia driver library symlinks for 'lib32-nvidia-utils-llb' qt gui frontend for the (open)cbm utils native component of textern firefox extension simple, accurate memory reporting for linux. digilent waveforms application, runtime and sdk simple client for linx-server dillon's lightweight cron daemon (git version). a windowing toolkit for use with tcl (mingw-w64) microsoft azure storage client library for python animation/drawing software, that lets you create traditional hand-drawn animation using both bitmap and vector graphics the ultimate open source web chat platform lasso is a free software c library aiming to implement the liberty alliance standards. id-wsf and saml 2.0. twitch.tv indicator for linux. tracks your followed channels and notifies when they go live. software for carta nazionale dei servizi a general purpose 3d cad modeler - git checkout driver for the brother dcp-t300 multifuncional printer an fbsplash theme with natural-arch logo daemon to control nzxt kraken x61 none amd/ati legacy drivers. catalyst-dkms catalyst-utils  lib32-catalyst-utils a collection of statistics modules in perl data language, with a quick-start guide for non-pdl people. fedora 8 (werewolf) infinity backgrounds. x.org tslib input driver highly experimental ps1/ps2 (psf) emulator library google/chromeos style lightdm webkit greeter theme export a freemind mindmap to an openoffice.org format .odt and .odp kernel module support files for the zettabyte file system. meta package to satisfy dependencies for jasper's ivona tts engine. libretro implementation of final burn alpha (v0.2.97.42) (arcade) collection of tools for driving lights connected to an external controller ros - this unary stack contains the dynamic_reconfigure package which provides a means to change node parameters at any time without having to restart the node. the c/python interface of fenics, providing a consistent pse (problem solving environment) for ordinary and partial differential equations. a simple google-style logging wrapper for python3 sleep until a specified time ncurses clone of shenzhen solitaire card game 3d application designed to render 3d fractals such as the mandelbulb, mandelbox, bulbbox, juliabulb, menger sponge, and iterated function systems. git version. magic: the gathering base game and symbol fonts for magic set editor. tools to make a cluster of computers an open source host, service and network monitoring program. statistics open for all sound plug for switchboard pybtex reads citation information from a file and produces a formatted bibliography. a powerful program that allows you to perform laser cutting engraving operations reload urxvt configuration plasma wallpaper himawari optimized/rewritten nintendo 64 emulator made specifically for libretro. originally based on mupen64 plus. c mathematics library for 3d software based on the opengl shading language (glsl) specification. (mingw-w64 symlinks) this library provides weak aliases for pthread functions not provided in libc or otherwise available by default. ciliora tertia gnome shell theme. a mixed international english locale with iso and posix formats for cosmopolitan coders. a non-conventional circular cursor theme, built with pen and touch based input in mind get and set the backlight brightness llvm openmp runtime library bit4id universal middleware (smart card driver) an openscad-based nodal editor to create customizable objects for 3d printing tools for ticcl: a spelling normalisation engine mozilla's c implementation of javascript. privilege granting extension for caja using gksu (gtk3 version) ros - the visulalization_marker_tutorials package. a lightweight system monitoring tool that uses rrd databases. debian appliance builder - a tool to create openvz and lxc debian instances for proxmox personal file backup software supporting compression, encryption and incremental backups. prebuilt ffmpeg-codecs package for yandex.browser an ioquake3-based engine with multiple improvements (note: requires pak files from original q3 cd; incompatible with ioquake3) cyberfox kde plasma integration multiple sequence alignment generator a modified package of mono that renames csc to mono-csc to not conflict with chicken non-blocking message queue system based on anyevent a program which lets you edit and synchronize lyrics with karaoke songs in various formats. parser for .holiday-files tools to program for the casio fx9860 calculators combines an arbitrary amount of pdf documents into one by appending the documents one after another. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine crosstool-ng toolchain - x-tools package for armv8 compiling sort lists naturally. compiz fusion extra plugins ultimate python 2 colorized logger with user-custom colors a userspace utility for testing the memory subsystem for faults file synchronisation client for cozy modern ssh server for teams managing distributed infrastructure perl/cpan module cgi::session::driver::memcached: persistent session data in cgi applications a free bibliographic manager for gnu/linux a multi-user jukebox web application. you can stream the music to other people as well. the complete 130 ultimate web 2.0 gradients for gimp! open-source, cross platform, sleep tracking software with a focus on monitoring cpap treatment. simple, upgradable thin websockets. profile hidden markov models (hmms) for database searching using consensus sequences integrated set of django applications addressing authentication, registration, account management as well as 3rd party (social) account authentication. ocaml asynchronous scheduler and monad for server-oriented programming python command-line application tools commodore tape preservation and restoration tool the code github uses to render readme.markup fabtotum resources for cura 2.x a turn-based strategic survival game steeped in slavic myth. -gratis unsuported linux build an event notification library system v and posix ipc from the command line frets on fire x (fofix). highly improved version of frets on fire the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for i686-elf target a python module for saving objects in a file simple framework to navigate c declarations, using python classes. a linux driver in python for the nzxt hue utilities for interactive i/o mime types for haml a tool that measures the jitter experienced by user-level threads running on each cpu core of a computer. extracts files from the cp/m lbr format a collection of themes for vim-airline. support library for python2 bindings a gui for git code to generate responses to common sasl mechanisms system v ipc primitives (semaphores, shared memory and message queues) for python a python memcached client library a full featured, open source game development software, allowing to create html5 and native games without knowing a programming language. all the game logic is made thanks to an intuitive and powerful event based system. dhcpcd monitor in gtk open type serif font resembling bembo personal finance software with cash flow forecasts implementation of kinematic chains with geometry the adept runtime consists of the shared libraries, firmware images, and configuration files necessary to communicate with digilent's devices. write command line apps with less suffering python bindings for bittrex an application launcher dockapp supporting png files and transparency ros - rqt_common_plugins metapackage provides ros backend graphical tools suite that can be used on/off of robot runtime. bitcoin classic with bitcoind, bitcoin-cli, bitcoin-tx, and bitcoin-qt a steganographic image analyzer, solver and data extractor for challanges a free and open source ec-fdtd solver an open video codec developed by the xiph.org checkupdates for aur colored logcat script which only shows log entries for a specific application package. a simple qt based utility to help users set up their configuration parameters an automated lan mirror for pacman bittorrent dht bootstrap server a compile-time configurable minimal login program that uses libpassphrase library to access dvd disks. (git version) a dash extension for gnome-shell as part of ozon os a fast and secure web browser and internet suite - developer stream bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - admin tool (cli) package archlinux for reactotron common c classes and routines such as argument parser, io and conversion utilities (mingw-w64) windowmaker dockapp that shows lunar ephemeris to fairly high accuracy netcat as a library an ioc framework for c11. it provides a declarative way to manage resources through dependency injection. a smart m-x enhancement for emacs. signalyst dff to dsf command line conversion utility snmp module for php a binural brainwave generator. cause the user to experience an altered state of consciousness. wear headphones. don't use if you suffer for any kind of epilepsy and use at your own risk! perl implementation for the prague markup language (pml) a suckless variant of the *nix core utilities - git checkout ocaml modules for writing daemons adds virtual interfaces support to python-novaclient bindings for api calls that are documented with apipie. bindings are generated on the fly. cjdns swiss army knife a classic point-and-click adventure game (2009 remake; humble bundle version) an opentype font with math support, designed for scientific and engineering printing c package manager-ish alternative hevc codec developed by bbc r&d graphical tool for debugging and testing the icinga2 api tool and library for querying dwarf (debuginfo) graphs. command line 3d model viewer using text and terminal escape codes a relational set based programming system. blas-like library instantiation software framework by the science of high-performance computing group a library which contains an implementation of dap 2.0 and 3.1 a mixer application written for the windowmaker dock. various settings and changes for the panel in zorin desktop. handle multiple encrypted root devices with ssh shell collect and view data of a nedap powerrouter. collection of over 20 patched fonts (complete variant with single-width glyphs) for powerline, devicons, and vim-devicons: includes droid sans, meslo, anonymouspro, profont, inconsolta, and many more cvs output colorizer opens an jupyter notebook in the best available server an alternative version of the standard kde ffmpegthumbs. plugin for vapoursynth: bilateral (git version) pure python download utility brother dcp-l2520dw lpr driver and cups wrapper. rna secondary structure prediction and comparison improved thai sipa th sarabunpsk font with free license kernel module support files for the zettabyte file system. google calendar command line interface with end of event time none gui client for yandex.disk brings instant messaging (xmpp, msn, yahoo!, aim, icq, twitter) to irc. libpurple enabled. (patched for unicode channel names) a nintendo gameboy advance emulator - qt5 ui ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. a crontab editor with gui a mind-bending platforming adventure (game sold separately) send messages and files over telegram from the command-line. userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat kone pure devices a naive, fast json parser and serializer historical copy of the base applications module of kde 1, adapted to compile on modern systems (circa. 2016) the pedantic dotfiles manager gsm base stations scanner (for hackrf) wxwidgets base libraries for no x install (2.8 branch development version) jupyterlab computational environment start extracting multi-part rar archives as soon as the first part is available decentralized and trustless p2p communications protocol for sending encrypted messages to another person or to many subscribers txt, hmtl and pdf doc for gmsh set of tools for web scraping projects a perfect hash function generator formerly called nevernote, nixnote is a clone of evernote designed to run on linux a virtual network service for openstack - ml2 plugin remote tail log viewer epson printer driver (artisan 630) nonblocking jabber/xmpp library, used by gajim bluetooth indicator for wingpanel ros - mavros -- mavlink extendable communication node for ros with proxy for ground control station. high performance software library for parallel computing with an easy-to-use api a software tool for the visualization and annotation of 3d image data. it was developed for the rapid reconstruction of neural morphology and connectivity. is a tool for searching for files on removable media disks (e.g. for songs on your mp3-cd's) meta package for kde frameworks 5 pcloud drive. electron edition. aka path.py, implements path objects as first-class entities management plugin for postfix collection of free (as speech) softwares to open, edit, convert and transfer data with a casio graphical calculator. plugin for vapoursynth: waifu2x-w2xc (git version) display server abstraction layer for gamma ramps and python 3 an automated music engraving system (development version) a system-independent interface for user-level packet capture a tool for learning programming basis with a simple spanish pseudocode clone of a c64 game, the goal is to destroy the opponent's house with certain weather phenomena proprietary cross-platform im and voip software microchip's mplab xc16 c compiler toolchain for their dspic and pic24 microcontroller families x.org evdev input driver for trackpoint with clickpad a stylized linux desktop icon set, designed to be clear, simple and consistent. set an image from unsplash as your wallpaper. powerful window and workspace switching using the super key most common file format parsers written using hachoir-core. visual novel engine ren'py along with its platdeps libs (dev channel) optical character recognition (ocr) tool wrapper for python qt-only wrapper for networkmanager dbus api a set of libraries, tools and utilities suitable for the heartbeat/pacemaker cluster stack. removes noise from images character screen handling and windowing (built with panels, menus and forms support) plugin for qt applications. choose the dark side of the style. the open source modelica suite a virtual network service for openstack - dhcp agent application for people who want to track their sporting activities find duplicate aur packages (development version) xml support for the tcl scripting language creative ascii drawing utility by ian a web-based application for managing faxes on hylafax fax servers allows you to develop interactive information displays using the lua programming language. community emulator of ti-nspire calculators. a collection of tools, libraries and tests for shader compilation modules to render trml template to pdf a freely available text editor for unix and others os interactive literate coding notebook a powerful multilingual file viewer / grep ac3d (.ac) file format import/export within blender language, jit compiler and db from morgan stanley an attribute class to be used with pandocfilters python cffi port of libtcod. protects machines from accidental shutdowns/reboots (via ssh) archlinux theme pack for xde small but powerful library, which implements client-server irc protocol (mingw-w64) c compiler for pic18 mcus flood: a modern web ui for rtorrent with a node.js backend and react frontend. irc gateway for google hangouts the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for 32bit and 64bit risc-v bare-metal utilities to improve integration and workflow with jack and lash. library that provides functions to read, create, and modify mp4 files a semantic file system based on fuse for linux kernel a cleaning tool for gconf create elm apps with zero configuration ros - compressed_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending images encoded as jpeg or png. a visual popup user interface library for emacs ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) text-to-speech voice synthesis from the mycroft project. norwegian bokmål dictionary for aspell all 700 of google's material design icons as a pencil stencil collection. commonly used xfce widgets among xfce applications ros - image_pipeline fills the gap between getting raw images from a camera driver and higher-level vision processing. amazon s3/cloudfront plugin for let’s encrypt client japanese version info manual travel::status::de::ura is an inofficial interface to ura-based departure monitors (as used by aseag) commonly needed python modules, used by python software developed at osrf file browser for tkinter, alternative to tkinter.filedialog in linux with gtk bookmarks support. easy to use, powerful, embeddable web server portable tcp proxy which makes tcp connections send less data, which improves tcp performance and throughput over lossy links, slow links and long links driver for the brother dcp-j315w wifi multifuncional printer a free, full-featured, 100% open source crm software ideal for small and medium businesses android arm eabi v7a system image, api-16 french -> german dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org a free debugger and firmware downloader for the msp430/cc430 mcu family lua frontend to the openssl cryptographic library web scraping framework the kde version of the alternative nitrux os icons an easy to use mathematical function graph plotter written in python and gtk. a brazilian portoguese male voice for the mbrola synthesizer centralized access to appointments and contacts diet problem solver with dietary reference intakes in mind. a multipart form post accessory for net::http. lyrics plugin for the deadbeef music player php secure communications library pear channel an osd for opengl applications running under the x window system. this allows you to monitor your framerate and hardware temperature in games on linux! 32bit version. linuxsampler qt gui a tool for creating and building ionic framework mobile apps. ocaml libao bindings ryzom is a free to play mmorpg . this version is for playing on an official server gnu emacs, the extensible self-documenting text editor, with a gui built with the gtk2 toolkit. the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lal a program to design and document beer brewing recipes a berkeley reimplementation of the unix parser generator yacc (providing bison/yacc) simple mediainfo parser based on qt the linux-ck-bcachefs kernel and modules with the ck2 patchset featuring muqss cpu scheduler v0.156 official desktop version of telegram messaging app. open source clone of the frc driver station crosstool-ng aims at building toolchains. a competitive online game set in an imaginative world (riot games) a media server that can stream videos in almost any format from your pc to your iphone, ipad and ipod touch mumble is an open source voice chat application similar to teamspeak. this release doesn't include text2speech, overlay and several plugins. a gtk3 frontend for libalpm with some additions from gaurapanasenko apache mesos slim theme. standalone web browser from mozilla.org, developer build (es-mx) modern graphical system monitor, lxpanel plugin a nintendo multi-system emulator with quequotion's customizations assign random keywords to shorturls, like bitly. service discovery for linux using mdns/dns-sd -- compatible with bonjour (32-bit) ubuntu font family. part of infinality-bundle-fonts. source code to html translator (literate programming) utility to make lisp software easily invokable from the command-line hypervisor-agnostic docker runtime (boot files) load, configure, and compose wsgi applications and servers an event notification library (mingw-w64) the open-xchange oauth implementation ros - kobuki message and service types: custom messages and services for kobuki packages. python script for building the track and playlist database for the newer gen ipod shuffle rapid alexa skills kit development for amazon echo devices in python. (python3 version) a desktop for git. it works with teamforge, cloudforge, github and other git services. run a process or coderef asynchronously paint program. (git version) an emacs major mode for the pure programming language a python library which helps in using the nmap port scanner. required nmap software base16 (hex) encode/decode data and print to standard output a framework for fast simulation of a generic collider experiment openal haskell raw api perl/cpan module text::csv::encoded: encoding aware text::csv. a sina weibo client focusing on linux a tool to help rsi (bleeding-edge gtk3 including mutter/wayland support) complete dicom viewer solution a python port of the glmnet package. a turn-based tactics game which tells the story about the wars on the fictional planet, chromos. tui-based slack client. lightweight c template library for vector and matrix math, a.k.a. linear algebra. (multilib version) a public domain map dataset, tightly integrated vector and raster data, to make a maps. this package provides the raster data in 1:10mio and 1:50mio scale, converted to jpeg compressed tiff. warning: build needs ca. 2.5 gib space, install ca. 350 mib big. colored terminal output for python's logging module easy database connections for dancer2 applications psycopg2-compatible database adapter using ctypes (works with pypy) a simple screen recorder for linux desktop. supports wayland & xorg a unix port of the plan 9 regular expression library, originally done for the inferno operating system. a tool to flash and erase nrf devices api blueprint toolkit template compilation framework in ruby a dedicated spooler for snort's unified2 binary output format. variant of the standard 'dd' for scsi/storage devices islamic prayer times bash script for turkish users a simple screenshot tool supporting multiple backends trained language data for tesseract ocr engine portable msx/msx2/msx2 emulator the control center for mate (gtk3 version) terminal-based twitch.tv browser / streamlink frontend zpuino arduino papilio ide is specially designed to get you up and running quickly with soft processors on the papilio fpga boards a simple site specific browser for firefox, chromium and google chrome from "peppermint os" project fedora 25 backgrounds. gog's .sh release of the butcher game simple window manager. enlightenment connman user interface turn-key solution for dnssec user friendly gui application for creating, managing and examining key stores. alsa wrappers for python 2 (development version) a german female voice for the mbrola synthesizer republic anywhere desktop client. the experimental spdy protocol version 2, 3 and 3.1 implementation in c systemworkbench for stm32 wraps your readme-only projects in a dynamic sphinx shell for hosting on http://readthedocs.org self-hosted feed aggregator free game based on the doom engine ros - this package defines messages commonly used in mapping packages. morning_star gtk themes collection github-flavored markdown for python-markdown display unicode character properties on the command line a tool of repairing your broken pcap and pcapng files a solarized colorscheme for the linux console general purpose mutation based fuzzer p2p long-term energy-efficient crypto-currency (qt) a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (with noxgrabkeyboard patch) gstreamer plug-in which provides bittorrent sources arc theme for plank check the correct line endings in your project provide a start script to start chromium in incognito mode common data files for freeminer-git and freeminer-server-git cjdns inet auto-peering tracker dc   client based on the source code freedc   with ignore users. php extension package for a faster web site framework. cam application to produce tool paths and gcode from dxf files parser for date range conditionals. yet another extended huckel molecular orbital package (yaehmop) print drm device information kerberos kinit supporting afs and ticket refreshing a millipede remake written in python using pygame save/restore window position, mark position, selected user maps the application can auto login hand-china company network. gnome 2 icon theme, extra icons a java source code scanner for detecting possible bugs, dead code, overcomplicated expressions and more this module define a subroutine that let you evaluate perl code in a specific context. a simple, portable, lightweight library of audio feature extraction functions merges ordered chapters / segmented mkvs back into a single file. varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko tool to translate ansi c code to nim openstack cloud computing fabric controller a sampler lv2 plugin called fabla a templating system similar to perl 5's mojo::template a cffi binding for hoedown, a markdown parsing library. gpib instrument support utilities latest from master branch mist dapp browser and ethereum wallet. graphical network monitoring and documentation tool a python-qt utility to manage wad files with nus downloader for wii a kramdown converter for converting markdown files into man pages cli tool for qiniu.com simple comparison framework for graphics apis a geany plugin to provide code completion (c/c) using clang unscii is a set of bitmapped unicode fonts based on classic system fonts. unscii attempts to support character cell art well while also being suitable for terminal and programming use. based on system fonts with 1-pixel-wide lines. a python wrapper for the naif c spice toolkit (n66) written using ctypes. vim interface to web api a simple tool to set the desktop layout in openbox. git version of viper the binary analysis framework python xenstore module windows reverse polish notation, a software clone of the hp-16c run qt applications using gtk as a windowing system continuation queues: embeddable asynchronous networking, threading, and notification framework for lua 5.1 bzr version of fogger web app to desktop app plugin for teamspeak 3. allows moving several users at once. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-samus4 kernel a powerful software to recover the default wpa passphrases (telecom italia alice agpf, fastweb pirelli, fastweb tesley, eircom netopia, pirelli teletu/tele 2) free software remake of sonic team's chuchu rocket (development version) small helper program for monitor layouts. a simple backup tool for desktop computers a latex class for creating slides for presentations. ctan package free software with a simple mission: everyone should be able to chat with their friends in privacy a zsh plugin to search history, a clean-room implementation of the fish shell feature charmm36 force field in gromacs format. a multi-system music tracker (genesis/megadrive, nes/famicom (nsf), commodore 64 (sid), and many others) fast-paced free massively multiplayer online role-playing game an extremely flexible cross-platform scripting library. - specific version for rigs of rods a module for when strings are too long to be displayed in... a pure python netlink and linux network configuration library. provides bbcode formatted text with the spectrograms of audio files. this is a cross plattform client for the captcha brotherhood network. its main feature is the ability to solve captchas in linux. google play downloader via command line, based on https://codingteam.net/project/googleplaydownloader shlex is a lexical analyzer class for simple shell-like syntaxes. ros - rqt_action provides a feature to introspect all available ros action (from actionlib) types. multi-threaded multi-pool gpu, fpga and asic miner for bitcoin and derivative coins. 3.7.2 was the last gpu version. system v release 4.0 curses emulation library, with static and shared libraries, inclusion of libtinfo. radeon open compute thunk interface convenient indicator for arch linux updates in gnome shell. visualization tool for git repositories a simple calculator for kde. think of it as bc (the command-line calculator) with a nice gui an image display program for x opencl implemention for nvidia launch.app is a small programm for executing applications, based on wings library. powerful client for individuals interested in streaming live radio shows canard is a library for dealing with controller area network (can) data from python free rdp client simple drag-and-drop source/sink for x python bindings for the internet movie database (imdb) highly realistic 3d car simulator using opengl, non-cg version (for older video cards) creates thumbnail for epub files. a versatile commodore emulator , with enabled gtkglext mate media tools (gtk3 version) prey is a first person shooter based on the id tech 4 engine using portals and variable gravity (demo version). manjaro's openbox theme interlingua hunspell dictionary modern, legacy free, simple yet efficient vim-like editor - statically linked - git checkout openfabrics alliance userspace intel infiniband hca driver for libibverbs dssim c implementation high performance minecraft server implementation an extension to track progress of a file upload fonts used by musescore notation software a cpu identification utility. provides more info than /proc/cpuinfo - git checkout simulator for spiking neural network models detect abusive usage levels on high traffic nameservers and enable quick response 'the lord of the rings'-based diceware wordlist for keepassxc handlebars provides the power necessary to let you build semantic templates effectively with no frustration. choose from thousands of community-made minecraft modpacks available on the technic platform. microsoft sql server for linux odbc driver a python script to convert the output from many profilers into a dot graph. a small pyqt color picker widget (can be run on its own) a driver for the bully bootloader for the pic24 and dspic33 series of microcontrollers. python wrappers for calling latex/building latex documents a simple block-driven assertion library for both testing and for production code automatic photo adjusting dire wolf is a software modem/tnc and aprs encoder/decoder a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtdeclarative) (5.1.x) a bulletproof firefox only extension to prevent youtube player from buffering. a tiling terminal emulator based on gtk 3 (binary distribution) declarative python programming using parameters create and delete directory trees simple process killer deepin wine provides plugin management for ruby projects high-speed packet processing framework (dev branch) epson image scan v3 front-end for scanners and all-in-ones read music meta data and length of mp3, ogg, flac and wave files reverse proxy http requests, either over raw sockets or with wai simple initpcio hook, which displays the file /etc/early-issue in early boot. ddb vfs archive reader plugin for deadbeef, provides gzip, 7z and rar support a very simple commandline addressbook, with mutt integration and optional carddav synchronization. a hierarchical profiler for php erlang-based open-source multi-protocol distributed load testing tool virtualbox vnc extension pack utilities to detect and repair counterfeit flash storage, i.e. thumb drives and memory cards with less flash than advertised ros - rqt_gui_py enables gui plugins to use the python client library for ros. a simple podcast client that runs on the command line interface. canon inkjet printer driver (mg7500, mg5600, mb5300, mb5000, mb2300, mb2000 series) a library for creating slugs. a viewer for astronomical data fits (flexible image transport system) files. python image sequence: load video and sequential images an easy way to manage your systemd timers. a higher-order effectful language designed for program verification program that allows to query and change the xkb layout state pear2 pear channel openscop library this library intends to provide a reader and (as much as possible) picc / tag independent api for rfid applications. modern graphical system monitor, lxpanel plugin module::cpants::analyse - generate kwalitee ratings for a distribution pantum 2000 series linux driver find and recover deleted files on block devices a game by the tall trees netbeans ide for java ee nes emulator written in go. module that provides an authenticate function that allows the caller to authenticate a given username / password against the pam system on linux. execute scripts on new messages using idle imap command perl/cpan module pdf::writer: pdf writer abstraction layer esri file geodatabase (filegdb) api a console-based tool counting lines of code in a file put boxes around stdin a wireless network interface monitor dockapp for window maker user interface based on hachoir-parser to explore a binary file. personal financial management program make panorama from multiple pictures simple python script that displays the arch logo and some basic information. python 2.x version ros - metapackage referencing tutorials related to rviz and visualization. apparmor init script for openrc (from systemd-free.org - not apg's way) ros - this package provides implementations of the trajectory rollout and dynamic window approaches to local robot navigation on a plane. extension for firefox which block post with predefined tags in tumblr python lib for open street map files parsing yes, an ancient version of python, lol perl-osnames - list possible $^o () values, with description personalisable library for tty passphrase reading enable all of the features of modern perl with one command a simple (ham radio) morse tutor using the koch method - git version. application similar to top for postgresql server activity monitoring state of the art statistical machine translation system qt sdk for the raspberry pi2 user styles manager extension for chrome and chrome-like things youtube integration for nuvola player. sendmail milter that reject mail inline using spamassassin spamd. builder of compact tree structures from xml documents a set of tools for x windows manipulation. btoa for node.js. it turns binary data to base64-encoded ascii. a tool to add an ocr text layer to scanned pdf files, allowing them to be searched a commandline application to edit save files of pokémon-games for the gba z-machine interpreter for interactive fiction games indonesian dictionary for aspell django component of the python-social-auth ecosystem 'open' digital satellite receiver and timer controlled video disk recorder thunderbolt(tm) user-space components blender addon for advance particle physics, multithreaded. jpeg image compression 1964 austin mini mk1 car model for racer (cg version) by harey a native perl smtp server implementation for perl. a pacman wrapper with extended features and aur support a simple bash utility for wan, lan, router, dns, mac, and ip geodata, with clean output for piping lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j825dw printer ofnuts' gimp tools doom 3 last man standing. a coop mod for doom 3. executable and linkable file format for mera 400 network design and emulation software for cisco's networking academy instructors and students. a command line nbt editor. perl extension for access to network card configuration information erlang interface for riak uci chess engine developed by fabien letouzey professional screenwriting software (demo) fill the cup to inhibit auto suspend and screensaver. ocaml library managing dates and times execute scripts on new messages using idle imap command (python version) media sorting tool to organize photos and videos from your camera in folders by year, month and day. a high-performance, general-purpose structured text indexing and retrieval engine. an interactive desktop application for transacting on the bitcoin network. an intrusion detection system a c port of log4j, svn trunk version a python module which provides an interface to libuv. the sisiya daemon. electronic schematic and printed circuit board (pcb) design tools web application construction kit and templating engine written in python. adds easy cache support to flask openbox plugin for vera arc dark skin for vlc media player (git version) library for building efficient parsers extract audio from youtube, vimeo, facebook and other online video hosting services. cups printer driver for kodak esp and hero printers implementation of the number field sieve (nfs) algorithm for factoring integers ros - extra nodes and plugins for mavros. downloads files behind cloudflare's anti-bot page thread-safe collections and utilities for ruby a powerful text editor with a comprehensive and easy-to-use user interface and fast, small-footprint behaviour. google play services client library and sample code diamond is daemon that collects system metrics and publishes them to graphite and others tools for the nintendo 3ds a build system designed for scalability and portability amarok-like interface for qmmp. git version generic c finite element library the reference net workshop - svnlibs plug-in bcrypt your passwords! crypto undertaker, a simple tool to manage encrypted storage the gnupg module allows python programs to make use of the functionality provided by the gnu privacy guard. a wrapper around pacaur to mimic yaourt's search feature automatic syntax checking for neovim console carddav client tool for creating/extracting kindle updates and more tmux terminfo formats with neovim <c-h> key fix console application implementing basic commands of imgur.com apiv3 none a diffie-hellman parameter generator/verifier/converter provides a convienent top bar pop-down interface to configure the gnome shell screencast recording feature. greyscale scientific image processing suite for processing data from transmission electron microscopes a version of google’s roboto font that has fontconfig-compatible metadata gnu dbh database library (mingw-w64) class based template tags for django a delivery system based on git and ssh add utf-8 support to lua, compatible with lua string module. an extremely flexible cross-platform scripting library. webtv vlc player to watch tv/radio playlists on the internet ros - mesh conversion utility used to generate .iv files from .stl files. ros - position_controllers. jellyx theme for xfce terminal a command line tool to manipulate the multicast routes of a unix kernel. it supports both ipv4 and ipv6 multicast routing. postfix spf policy engine, written in perl a slender monospace typeface. shape: consolas. php bindings to the cross-platform wxwidgets gui toolkit library. article filter plugin for tiny-tiny-rss to replace article stubs by website contents a usenet binary autoposter for unix a gui for p7. free and simple truecrypt implementation based on dm-crypt. mega extension for firefox; enables better support for mega.co.nz downloads serverless encrypted instant messenger with filesharing, chatgroups, e-mail. a drop-in replacement clone for zenity, written in qt4/5 ansi c library that talks to couchdb using libcurl and yajl xpi client for interacting with spice servers. this package contains a mozilla browser client for interacting with spice servers. router policy specification language (rfc2622) parser new icons from linuxmint 18 inspired by the moka icon set. stable releases cpan/spread::queue - one-of-many queued messaging delivery using spread ros - the tf2_py package. google fonts source sans pro complete pure bindings of liblo a tcp & udp package send / receive / transfer tool rss reader specialized for comics strider is a 2d sci-fi platformer game. a key-value storage for binary data, support many backends fibre channel over ethernet implementation for linux - utils behaviour-driven development, python style redis based session store for plack apps. a python logging system handler which broadcasts log messages and a matching receiver executable. install php versions push/pull flat text files to gtasks an open source wireless development platform suitable for bluetooth experimentation btrfs maintenance scripts the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. 1990 renault clio i car model for racer (cg version) by skybh the opengl extension wrangler mx python package for client programming with open geospatial consortium (ogc) web service interface standards, and their related content models dns proxy for losers a gtk graphical user interface for managing tasks in taskwarrior this is the mysql driver for pear-mdb2 an open-source exploitation framework dedicated to embedded devices. cursor theme - part of the manjaro menda set android sdk sources, api-23 library tasked with managing, extracting and handling media art caches page pager python2 package for client programming with open geospatial consortium (ogc) web service interface standards, and their related content models hell is an experiment you can't survive in outlast. a professional open source system to create windows installers developer targeted patched fonts with a high number of glyphs (icons) a music score renderization/edition library apple bloom the pony dictionary marpa parse engine c library simplified and community-driven man pages a lightweight and simple program for updating and using lists on several media tracking websites. xep-0198: reliability and fast reconnects for prosody soapysdr plugins for osmosdr devices (mirisdr, rfspace) drop-in replacement for html::entities a biosequence data format conversion tool an open source python library for the echo nest api. multi-protocol vpn program from university of tsukuba nonblocking async c client library for memcached and membase (git version) 2d skateboard plateformer fast, reliable protein-coding gene prediction for prokaryotic genomes. automated integer factorization nautilus extension for seafile a spotify playing daemon open source host-based intrusion detection system command line tool for decrypting vim-blowfish-encrypted files. freeware virtual-analog synthesizer from u-he erp ilm openconcerto client multi and mono ocaml bindings for the vo-aacenc aac encoder the reworked version (next generation) of hyperion, ambient light software - pre alpha solvespace is a parametric 3d cad program. a qt-based upnp audio control point odbc modules for php (single|multi)-player game written in opengl styles for creating questionnaires with latex perl interface to the skein digest algorithm portuguese (portugal) language pack for firefox beta ros - turtlebot_apps is a group of simple demos and exmaples to run on your turtlebot to help you get started with ros and turtlebot. panel for the xfce desktop environment an action-adventure game, starring a certain quixotic frog. voice recordings for freeswitch flexnet license manager (lmgrd)  autodesk® vendor daemon (adskflex) a general astronomical image processing software leverage the openpgp web of trust for openssh and web authentication graphical program that sends svg files to vinyl cutters simple text editor for csv, tsv and other kinds of delimiter-separated values (dsv) files. property proxy self-contained iso 3166-1 country definitions. includes helper methods for interacting with gravatars outside of template code pam authentication for metronome a branch of parsetree that brings several sexp processing tools. system for extracting the contents of windows registry - git checkout time tracking software for remote teams and individuals a collection of qml plugins used throughout liri a multiline grep. perl side of the perl debugger for intellij idea and other jetbrains ide html sanitization for rails applications overview of unicode characters and their latex counterpart semi-transparent cursors theme rpm reader and writer library frontend to manage connections to remote filesystems using gio/gvfs a psp emulator written in c an open source third party viewer for open simulator (opensim) grids, only. firefix addon for customizable mouse gesture, which supports over 40 different actions emacs-clang-complete-async is an emacs extension to complete c and c code, it uses libclang to parse the source code on the fly and provides completion candidates to auto-complete (binary only) send rtp rfc 2250 mp3 streams ros - rqt_robot_monitor displays diagnostics_agg topics messages that are published by diagnostic_aggregator. a filebrowser plugin for the deadbeef audio player client for billing system bgbilling 6.0 unit files for petrified systemd usage touchscreen keyboard prolog environment (latest git stable version) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine search gadgets in binaries to facilitate rop exploitation for several file formats and architectures geda/gaf suite - contains gschem, gnetlist, gsymcheck, gattrib, utilities and documentation from the geda project (latest git revision) java bindings for openrtm-aist visit almost everything in your pc simply by zooming in pure python obelisk  bitcoin client side library libscif library of intel® manycore platform software stack a high-level python web framework that encourages rapid development and clean design a full-screen task-switcher for x11, similar to apple's expose. qt unit conversion tool omni completition for php a platformer puzzle game (humble bundle version) export github issue tracker and wiki contents to local email storage effortless cross compilation of rust programs to custom bare-metal targets like arm cortex-m simply a document viewer an open-source sdk for psp homebrew development (bootstrap) (psp) pkcs #11 driver for cryptotech smart cards control daemons for systemd in chroot environment seven kingdoms: ancient adversaries is a real-time strategy (rts) computer game developed by trevor chan rofi/fzf driven mpd client tools used by adobe font developers for wrapping up postscript fonts as opentype/cff font files a flat theme with transparent elements for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell. latest commit from the master branch on github. python implementation of the sane api (using ctypes) and abstration layer oslo messaging api terminal ansi color palette viewer written in python audio recording, processing and playing tools. a perl script to print local files on remote printers using ssh a tiny launcher menu packing a big bang (syntax) conversion tools for the suckless image format highly essential light itsy-bitsy window manager. sync agent and cli for odrive.com a dbus profiler review, annotate, and edit pdf documents flat version of tebu-icon-theme from blankon json web token implementation in ruby muttonchop is a media player designed to be controlled through a web interface or by a json api yet another x grabber http and webdav client library with a c interface (32 bit) dead simple makepkg builder server a c compiler for z80 systems provide information about emacs packages devel-dumpvar - a pure-oo reimplementation of dumpvar.pl build tool for the p4a (python for android) build cloud command line tool that can unpack archives easily mixin to add / call inheritable triggers a full featured web-based gps tracking system for your fleet of vehicles a filemanager build with efl recompression tools for gz, mng, png, and zip files using zopfli and 7-zip deflate algorithms a program for variant calling and manipulating files in the variant call format (vcf) and its binary counterpart bcf plugin for the xfce4 panel that lets you monitor cpu usage, network bandwith, etc. litify git lxqt platform integration for qt yet another python library to read and write pe/pe files. lightweight headless squeezebox emulator - version r2 a bunch of python2 scripts running as a service, using a configuration file to manage zfs snapshots ros - slam_gmapping contains a wrapper around gmapping which provides slam capabilities. change voltage and frequency settings of amd k10 cpus sourcecode formatter/beautifier based on astyle for geany settings application and modules for liri os free screenwriting application modules for thinkpad's smapi functionality, mainline kernel a batch shell script for encoding audio files in directories from one format to another. library system which organizes php classes and functions into modules multiple-precision floating-point library (mingw-w64) this is a wrapper library to bring unicode normalization form support to ruby/jruby. general purpose c library with many useful components cacertorg::ca - cacert.org's ca root certificate in pem format icc's srgb profiles client for mail.ru cloud service a uci chess engine (~3168 elo) simple ffmpeg gui for linux & windows ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. submitting coverity builds jautodoc is an eclipse plugin for automatically adding javadoc and file headers to your source code. python 2 package that converts a page of html into clean, easy-to-read plain ascii text. better yet, that ascii also happens to be valid markdown (a text-to-html format) python client library for heat gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugins the easily installable github clone written with scala stand-alone lightweight themable screen locker based on slim (git) c qt based twitter library optical disk burning software for linux based on the libraries fltk and libburnia. a simple text printer that uses unicode internally ros - the robot_localization package provides nonlinear state estimation through sensor fusion of an abritrary number of sensors. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine model-based testing tool built in java feynhiggs is a fortran code for the (diagrammatic) calculation of the masses, mixings and much more of the higgs bosons in the mssm with real/complex parameters at the highest level of accuracy. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-l8650cdw bluetooth device scanner. colorize terminal output macedonian language pack for firefox beta a c library for reading, creating, and modifying zip archives an mldonkey frontend for kde amd/ati drivers. catalyst drivers libraries symlinks  experimental powerxpress support. a searchable command palette in every modern gtk application subtle xcursor themes text completion helpers and widgets (mingw-w64) desktop password manager compatible with keepass databases. a powerful light-weight programming language designed for extending applications. (mingw-w64) an open-source 2d game engine which uses the versatile lua scripting language to create dynamic gaming experiences. a small start menu application trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a c metaprogramming shell. ncurses bandwidth monitor puppet query interface and backend for hiera a window manager for gnome with patches for catalyst compatibility plugin for vapoursynth: remapframes music player server with a web-based user interface inspired by amarok 1.4 python 2.x bindings for speechd gnome settings daemon (with elementaryos patches) pgp public key sharing using dns-sd and hkp python library for interfacing with wink devices a single player dungeon exploration game patched with ui enhancements do crossword puzzles in across lite format gnome shell extension taskbar qmodbus is a free qt-based implementation of a modbus master application. a graphical user interface allows easy communication with modbus slaves over serial line interface. qmodbus also includes a bus monitor for examining all traffic on the bus. pep 3156 implementation of the redis protocol. fill in all empty cells with numbers by dividing all of the board into blocks. a virtual network service for openstack - ibm sdn plugin agent cpanel fork of json::xs, fast and correct serializing an amstrad cpc emulator a graphical front-end for command line emulators that hides the underlying operating system and is intended to be controlled with a joystick or gamepad. sdlmame/xmame frontend designed to look like mame32 (fork of gxmame) terminess powerline an x status bar program a ros-independent gazebo plugin for ardupilot's sitl. owlboy is a 'hi-bit' adventure game, where you can fly and explore a brand new world in the clouds! pytest plugin to manage external processes across test runs. bluetooth firmware for dell dw1560 802.11ac (broadcom bcm4352) adapter teamspeak3 overlay for linux, which uses lua and xosd to output system information gatherer and reporter a network library. it is oriented towards developers. a programmer's text editor asynchronous networking, threading, and notification framework for lua 5.2 bosnian language pack for firefox beta pipe connecting game using libsdl this is a python library for interacting with and creating packets. ros - slam_gmapping contains a wrapper around gmapping which provides slam capabilities. efficient sample rate conversion in python emacs framework for setting a vim-like prefix key software defined radio receiver for x11 dynamic window manager with support for wayland forget vim tabs – now you can have buffer tabs perl interface to libnotify produce tied (and other) separate but combined variables plugins for xviewer. x-apps project. arc firefox theme alarm for dangerous jack connector (faulty plug of the notebook's power supply) the open source modelica suite - openmodelica compiler google play integration for nuvola player. a fork of the original documenter's workbench release 3.3. a free library providing windowing and widgets for graphics apis/engines library to compare files and strings. (git version) gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugins (gst-plugins-bad) vpnks protects you against leaks caused by disconnetction lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp7065dn a real-time library for audio sampling rate conversion checks the presence of tabs in your project a python module for saving objects in a file asyncio extension package for pyserial garden of coloured lights, a game by linley henzell, is a vertical shoot-em-up that is a piece of art a linux system call fuzz tester a small library for fetching information from deltarpm packages a simple and lightweight backlight-dimming daemon for laptops ros - generic and simple controls framework lightweight, cross-platform integrated development environment german -> french dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org simple, low-level php extension for libsodium kernel modules for highpoint rocketraid 2640x1 sas card. (dkms version) c-extensions for pypy view atlassian stash review comments context directly from mail client adds memory and swap usage to the default cpu usage monitor plugin in lxde panel. general purpose library for evaluating the likelihood of sequence evolution on trees accel-ppp vlan_mon kernel module sources the second generation incarnation of the cd index pretty-print python tracebacks pure qt networkmanager front-end residing in panels sidplay2 fork with improved filter emulation simple kubernetes resource templating http library for lua 5.2 digital ocean api python wrapper a framework for interpreted graph models including petri nets and stgs android tv arm eabi v7a system image, api-22 highlight (colorize) text data using regular expressions a font for programmers and command line users yet another acme client, specifically for let's encrypt, but one with a strong focus on security. written in c. create your own pony character inspired by my little pony: friendship is magic (flash game) a chat platform that intends to look at other chat programs and take only the best of everything. a simple tool to view and compare fonts installed on your system. symbolic framework for automatic differentiation and numeric optimization airport, train station, ferry terminal, airline and flight routes data as csv files to be used e.g. in gis-applications. ecliz arch cursor theme o carnê-leão é o programa para a tributação do imposto sobre a renda das pessoas físicas, sob a forma do recolhimento mensal obrigatório, pelo contribuinte, pessoa física, residente no brasil, que receber rendimentos de outra pessoa física ou do exterior. flight planning and analysis software provides a generic user interface for browsing device properties published by an indi compliant server oracle java 8 development kit random sound effect generator for games, etc. multi-user conference component for a jabber server trace exec() calls system-wide. just in time compilation  loader for gnucap epson printer driver (ep-702a) reconfigure intel nucs ir-receiver to get apple remote (a1294) input and pass it to kodi. module for parsing and generating vcard and vcalendar files find relevant emoji from text on the command-line ros - messages used by the platform app manager. apertium language data for the portuguese-galician translator. type-driven code generation for ocaml >=4.02 an integrated shell for working with the kubernetes cli a similarity analyser that identifies duplication in java, c-sharp, c, c, cobol, ruby, jsp, asp, html, xml, visual basic, groovy source code and even plain text files extended http support oracle's java (se) ide a simple and lightweight sql client desktop with cross database and platform support. nvidia drivers utilities and libraries, 173xx branch. subversion interface for emacs not so simple clipboard manager for gnome collection of 100% license-free, royalty-free, and restriction-free art a python vxi-11 driver for controlling instruments over ethernet. fast, simple message queue server, git version patched to support unix sockets a command to transliterate hiragana and katakana to ascii. tool for finding previously identified blocks of data in media such as disk images modular domotica with the raspberry pi tool to probe for hardware, check its operability and upload result to the linux hardware db: http://linux-hardware.org perl interface for github.com a beautiful gravity simulator for linux that uses opengl mozilla's javascript engine used in firefox c library for processing utf-8 encoded unicode strings a library for reading mpq files (archives used by blizzard) which can be easily used in applications. rogue-like game with hilarity as the centerpiece. requires purchase from humble store (or bundle). free pascal qt5 binding library modified for lazarus ide a pre-kernel/vmm module that uses intel(r) txt to perform a measured and verified launch of an os kernel/vmm. provides access to git repositories simple library for managing ibuddy and blync devices a god game in which you take control of nature through the hands of mighty giants a virtual network service for openstack - nicira plugin wrapper for tesseract ocr and hocr2pdf to generate pdf files with the recognized text put behind the image (sandwich pdfs). flexible rdfa parser a bsd-licensed alternative to busybox a randomly generated action rpg shooter with heavy rogue-like elements. u-boot for a20 olinuxino lime2 ros - amcl is a probabilistic localization system for a robot moving in 2d. mutes spotify advertisements. legacy version to support spotify-stable/spotify-legacy oracle sqlplus front-end that provides, history and completion ros - bumper/cliff to pointcloud nodelet: publish bumpers and cliff sensors events as points in a pointcloud, so navistack can use them for poor-man navigation. parser for www-authenticate headers microsoft azure command-line tools redis command module a dispatcher daemon for systemd-networkd events extensible continuous integration server hp library & tape tools - diagnostics for hp tape drives a traceroute implementation using tcp packets. main gui for svgcleaner php extension for oci8 a hook to rotate the console at startup. transparent application input fuzzer a tool for exchange data with some siemens mobile phone compute euclidean and rectilinear steiner trees python framework for building simple cli applications (free branch) wnck that shows sticky windows properly in the pager alternative dialog find & replace for writer pickit 2 cli software with updated devicefile and udev rules format elm source code according to a standard set of rules based on the official elm style guide. a gui browser for reading hdf5 files (created with versions up to 1.8) python library providing efficient 2d data-plotting features a compatibility layer for running windows programs (staging branch, git version) disk protection for hp machines. steinberg's asio sdk python application to cast your audio to your google cast devices. free tracker for producing music for the nes/famicom-systems. padre::plugin::cookbook - cookbook contains recipes to assist you in makeing your own padre::plugin tray icon application that informs you if you have new mail avr plugin for eclipse a command line interface that runs a build in a container with atc. tagging based filesystem, providing dynamic directory hierarchies based on tags associated with files an updated version of the sam text editor. crystal structure visualization tool a library providing in-memory lzma compression and decompression functions image processing tools providing imagemagick interface xfce window manager (git version) bus1 out-of-tree kernel module base libraries from ilm for openexr (mingw-w64) latin dictionary for hunspell improbable web debugger through websockets (server) open source framework for processing, monitoring, and alerting on time series data perl 6 grammars for parsing pdf content streams and file structure a lightweight web server designed for rapidly sharing files over http network management daemon an application for creating, editing, and rendering flam3 fractal images vndr is simple vendoring tool, which is inspired by docker vendor script. the xkcd font. font rasterization library (without harfbuzz) (mingw-w64) a digital circuit simulator with a tcl/tk-based graphical editor irc transport for jabber additional video content for warzone 2100 check whether amt is enabled and provisioned under linux archlinux, archlinuxfull, archlinuxtop, arch-dark, arch-stripes and industrialarch lxdm themes a vault for securely storing and accessing aws credentials in development environments a small, native c library and utility to fetch weather a module that simplifies sending email. a flexible and powerful simulator of neurons and networks neuron is a simulation environment for developing and exercising models of neurons and networks of neurons. a collection of ldraw-format cad files representing many of lego bricks produced souncloud music downloader plugin for vapoursynth: knlm (git version) commands for manipulating filesystem extended attributes an accuracy focused emulator for sega genesis/megadrive utilities for modern error reporting and propagation in c applications a 2d fantasy underwater action-adventure game (humble bundle version; game data only) show calendar event details in mutt simply awesome note taking. a minimalist package manager for fish shell libretro implementation of frodo v4.2 (commodore c64) (wip) samples included in the ccv library repository unscii is a set of bitmapped unicode fonts based on classic system fonts. unscii attempts to support character cell art well while also being suitable for terminal and programming use. exemplary msp communications simulator using a normalized vu. build tool for the p4a (python for android) build cloud modern, private messenger simple virtual terminal emulator for x sony sketch ef font base64 images in your css simple numa policy support 32-bit version. libraries only a headless metadata scraper for media. minetime is a modern, intuitive and smart calendar application. build, distribute and deploy python projects a pure python 2 chess library with move generation and validation and handling of common formats qi library from aldebaran windows azure cross platform command line tool a distributed local-network cache for pacman packages low level virtual machine (runtime library), patched for pypy-stm the grid analysis and display system (grads) is an interactive desktop tool that is used for easy access, manipulation, and visualization of earth science data. the format of the data may be either binary, grib, netcdf, or hdf-sds (scientific data sets). http test tool a fault-tolerant distributed file system for all storage needs (client) ryver client for linux - team communications analog 24h clock a modbus library for linux, mac os x, freebsd, qnx and win32 (mingw-w64) simon tatham's utilities for symlinks, pipes, x selection and more shovel knight is a 2d side-scrolling platform game developed and published by yacht club games (humble bundle version) python agent for the new relic web application performance monitoring service. circuits theme pack for xde a small suite of programs for unix, designed to allow process supervision a somewhat upgraded/refactored version of nxengine russian post console tracker set of tools for editing csound files with vim aliases for core ttf fonts from microsoft a replacement x window display manager similar to, and based on xdm a low-latency, locality-conscious memory allocator with stable performance scalability an native-code implementation of common lisp rmate allows activate textmate from an ssh session check domain availability from your cli and pass it to a domain supplier. higher-order functions and common patterns for asynchronous code an open-source tool for telling interactive, nonlinear stories authentication framework for cgi::application use a perl module if a condition holds ros - the actionlib stack provides a standardized interface for interfacing with preemptable tasks. a slender monospace typeface. shape: fira mono. utility allowing manual duplex printing japanese man pages that is distributed by linux documentation project provides tcl thread library for naviserver. you can use this extension to gain script-level access to tcl threading capabilities. comprehensive weather notification system, implemented using the indicator applet api (canonical ayatana project) low level multipart/form-data parser library check validity of internet email addresses a dock app firey load meter trait loading and resolution for moose framework for plotting astronomical and geospatial data redtimer is an easy-to-use platform-independent time tracker which allows the user to track time while working on an issue an automatic 3d finite element mesh generator with pre and post-processing facilities. a library to adjust audio gain (lib32) yet another framebuffer terminal utilities for the serial attached scsi (sas) management protocol (smp) burmese language pack for firefox beta an patent-free audio compression format designed for speech simple gui to manage arch linux kernels totem is a free font. feel free to use it for personal and commercial. meteorological post-processing package (mpop) php extension module that aids debugging and profiling iscan plugin for epson perfection photo v200 scanners and similar the extensible, customizable, self-documenting real-time display editor -- pretest version plugins for xviewer. x-apps project (git version). a tool to audit pkcs12 files passwords frontend to manage connections to remote filesystems using gio/gvfs cleans up html code for web browsers, not humans a generic framework written in c# for making irc bots. implementation of stackoverflow's pagedown markdown editor for flask-wtf. an ocaml binding for fuse. client communication library for ring.cx (formerly known as sflphone) the template numerical toolkit is an interface for scientific computing in c. a cli client for running a farming node header files and scripts for building modules for linux-ruisu kernel a free alternative to the algerian font upgrade notifier w/ aur support, watched (aur) packages, news; supports autohide in kde plasma's panel resize or rotate jpeg and png images. official releases only. kwallet framework json.simple - simple, fast, extensible json encoder/decoder for java a konsole-like terminal plugin for qt creator ros - enhanced tools for benchmarks in moveit!. command-line ace stream client resource agent for microsoft exchange using exchange web services (ews) protocol iptv simple pvr client addon for kodi devkitarm portlibs libraries (for nintendo 3ds homebrew development) a simple, crude utility to scan a hard disk surface and find/salvage jpeg files off of it. x-chat plugin for sending and receiving raw morse code over ircxchat kernel modules for the zettabyte file system -- release candidates binary analysis tool kservice paper is an icon theme for gtk based desktops and fits perfectly the paper-gtk-theme true sublime text style multiple selections for vim an open platform to connect, manage, and secure microservices this texlipse extension adds bibsonomy support for eclipse. libretro implementation of genesis plus gx. (sega master system/sega game gear/sega mega drive/sega genesis/sega cd) free music set for openttd a python library which helps in using the nmap port scanner. required nmap software inofficial latex2e reference manual in info format interactive fiction multi-interpreter that supports all major if formats (development version) http body parser converts plain text files to morse code formatted as mp3 or ogg complete and free implementation of the openpgp standard lightweight cross-platform profiler library for c general hidden markov model library extracts individual tracks from one big audio file containing the entire album of music and saves them as separate audio files. front-end for fbsetbg, esetroot, feh and other wallpaper changers control codebug over serial usb. correct, reproducible, and fast builds for everyone control of accuracy and debugging for numerical applications open source computer vision library (legacy version & /opt directory version) (samples) saab is the first ever freely available, unicode 4.0 compliant, opentype, gurmukhi (punjabi) font. a high level api for python internationalization a music metadata searchengine utility and library written in c detects on the automatic way, wich url clementine/rhythmbox/amarok/etc. are now playing and rip it savage: the battle for newerth is an online multiplayer team-based fps/rts hybrid. completely free as of september 2006. (includes sfe patches) console-based mail-client with integrated lua scripting support adaptor to integrate net::snmp into anyevent a video downloader and converter for youtube, veoh, dailymotion, myvideo, ... interface to the deutschebahn online departure monitor java gui for encoding video with mencoder a free, fast, and small automatic code formatter perceptual hashing library aggegration of arm cortex-m cmsis svds and related tools a top-down space shooter written for bash a bash script to upload to and delete from puush.me ros - this package contains messages for defining shapes, such as simple solid object primitives (cube, sphere, etc), planes, and meshes. gobject-based api for boinc client a simple tool to download video lectures from edx.org. library and command line player for sharp x68000 mdx music files named, vector icons for elementary os a bash gui for yaourt this is a django authentication backend that authenticates against an ldap service. a python wrapper around the openweathermap api vi-like editor with frontends for qt5 and ncurses the libmpsse-spi library has been created to to aid the implementation of spi designs using ftdi devices which incorporate the ftdi mpsse (ft4232h, ft2232h, ft2232d and ft232h) by taking care of all the required mpsse commands. audio plugin host aquantia aqtion driver for the aquantia multi-gigabit pci express family of ethernet adapters (dkms version) epitech intra for linux (development version) infrastructure for building mobile telephony (gsm/umts) applications an image viewing/manipulation program alternative to razercfg for the deathadder 2013 ros - rosbuild contains scripts for managing the cmake-based build system for ros. essential backports that enable many of the nice features of ruby 1.8.7 up to 2.1.0 for earlier versions. persistent cache for requests library python pam interface color and formatting in terminal a testr wrapper to provide additional functionality ros - the diagnostic_analysis package can convert a log of diagnostics data into a series of csv files. hplip with patch for uncompressed scanning on ledm-based peripherals hex editor for linux with advanced search patch from volker schatz standalone mail/news reader from mozilla — localized nightly build tex live - tu dresden corporate design classes tudscr by falk hanisch a simple launcher inspired by alfred. a simple, fast and user-friendly alternative to find. ast that abstracts the underlying python version the gnu debugger (psp) gurmukhi/ punjabi - 252 fonts basic cross-platform tree view xml editor voluptuous is a python data validation library fortune quotes from the big bang theory ascii morse code translator parse error messages from the perl interpreter small windowmanager forked from aewm easing the creation of rest api services in python an featureful object system merge golang coverage files populates html forms with data. x11 keyboard file manipulation library gtk greeter for lightdm digital forensics tool for viewing and reporting on windows registry files ldap module for php a lua library which provides base2(bitfield), base16(hex), base32(crockford/rfc), base64(rfc/url), base85(z85) decoding and encoding for lua 5.3 splits large wav files at given time positions a software platform to study evolution of digital organisms fundamental bmpanel2/gtk2.0/openbox3/pekwm/xfwm4 theme a high-quality data compression program (x32 abi) ros - python implementation of bond, a mechanism for checking when another process has terminated. feed-forward neural network solution for python last.fm scrobbler for cmus music player check catkin packages for common errors shadow warrior is a bold reimagining of the 3d realms cult classic shooter. fuse filesystem that combines several mount points into a single one. accessing the hp ilo xml interface from python library that provides official python bindings for the gnu mailman 3 rest api ros - some basic robot controllers for use with robot_controllers_interface. polyfill package for flake8 plugins a library for support vector machines classification, includes openmp support, binaries and python bindings. php with zts enabled perl module that converts to and from koremutake memorable random strings pcb layout prototyping application a c library for generating constrained delaunay triangulations and refining them. predicate logic with rule composition. standalone web browser from mozilla.org, developer build - russian command line client for the opensuse build service calculate the median values for a set of groups simple revision control with modern ui for single-file projects papirus color scheme for kde simple statistics plugin for bazaar. wave-to-notes transcriber (wave-midi converter) canon ij printer driver (common package) i386 a libhal stub library forwarding to udisks2 for flash to play drm content simple user space driver to create a virtual xbox 360 joypad from an existing one zeroconf lirc daemon that reads irmp events from the usb ir remote receiver a slender monospace typeface. shape: monaco. a command-line utility aimed at manipulating adobe(tm) flash video files (flv). command line program that send to growl using gntp protocol. manage fonctional community static variables without namespace pollution lightweight and small benchmarking tool for webservers. google test - c testing utility based on the xunit framework (like junit) gd module for php linear tape file system all of the fluxbox styles from the deceased fluxmod.dk site sockjs python server implementation on top of tornado framework enemy territory: quake wars is a commercial team and class-based multiplayer game. you need the retail dvd to play. hp system health application and command line utility package simple tool to create a usb stick installer for windows (vista and above) a sc plugin for archvdr project (http://sourceforge.net/apps/trac/archvdr/wiki/archvdr) ros - messages relating to the ros computation graph. plotting package which outputs to x11, files and others. without wxgtk/qt. lpr and cups driver for brother ql-800 label printer switchboard desktop plug a pluggable authentication module (pam) for use with ssh. portable, fully-threaded i/o benchmark program a parallel graph partitioning library ppd files for ricoh savin postscript printers, supplied by ricoh tool that converts source archives into debian package source a terminal multiplexer a downloader supporting http, ftp, bt, magnet and thunder protocol shell combinators library. a script to test tls/ssl servers for crime, beast, and other issues. vdpau backend for va api. (special version for chromium) tizen target flasher kindle for pc using wine cross-platform gpu stress test and opengl benchmark. contains furmark, tessmark module to represent, read, and write astronomy visualization metadata ros - diagnostic_common_diagnostics. an alternative theme for latex beamer open source software to bridge the gap between researcher and statistician automated checker to make sure a c file follows google's c style guide. zcash equihash miner by nicehash. xenoncat cpu solver build. an extremly small and simple http get-only web server. it only serves static pages on a single host. ros - client api for discovery and connection to rocon hubs. mobile broadband provider database. a netcdf interface for octave. this interface is depreciated. please use the netcdf package instead (possibly in combination with ncarray). netbeans ide for c/c minimal cli diary pulseaudio module for sndio support dockbarx theme yandex translate plugin for omegat python nmea library - a small library to help read and parse nmea data ign software development kit iot for raspberry pi type 2 novaclient extension for backup schedule mozilla network security services a gtk3 client for the xmms2 music player, with a focus on collections. written in vala ocaml bindings to the ffmpeg library bash completion for angular cli analyzes some php source code and tries to fix coding standards issues (psr-1 and psr-2 compatible). memory-based tagger-generator and tagger server. homemaker is a lightweight tool for straightforward and efficient management of *nix configuration files found in the user's home directory, commonly known as dot-files. kexp integration for nuvola player. kde file manager with klook support bus interface to change screen brightness and capture frames from webcam. libsnl is a library of routines used for the manipulation of nurbs curves and surfaces. a shell extension that manages your environment modifications to google chromium for removing google integration and enhancing privacy, control, and transparency the pixel-manipulation library for x and cairo (mingw-w64) a reimplementation of janusz pelc's robbo, originally for the atari xe/xl ros - this package contains a recent version of the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl), distributed by the orocos project. open-source unpacker for dreamspark's sdc format. an application that shows useful information about your cpu, motherboard and some general information about your system. puppetdb-terminus assists protecting encrypted boot partitions from (some) evil maid attacks eve online fitting assistant singularity pre-release versions a simple library to load images of various formats as sdl surfaces (psp) ros - this package attempts to show the features of ros step-by-step, including using messages, servers, parameters, etc. codeschool like theme for vim makes impress.js presentations from restructuredtext hexdump utility from vim the voice chat application server for mumble xmp library (for nintendo 3ds homebrew development) fast numpy array functions written in cython documentation for oracle java 6 development kit a modern revival of goudy oldstyle and italic. truetype version. lxqt daemon and library for global keyboard shortcuts registration. a visualization suite for the vienna ab-initio simulation package (vasp) a linux® kernel module that enables management of multiple screens. a fast math parser library (mingw-w64) adds support for the socks protocol and proxy facility sqlite database browser is a light gui editor for sqlite databases, built on top of qt jack client to map joystick buttons to midi events canon ij printer driver (for mg5300 series) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine low level skeleton library for io communication on gnu/linux platforms. a toolkit designed to make it easy for students to create games. set of kai and song fonts from the ministry of education of taiwan. these fonts follow all the official recommendations and their shapes are calligraphically correct. (ttf/utf-8) like inetd, but for websockets. turn any application that uses stdio/stdout into a websocket server. a utility to display lcd monitor test patterns. a program that analyses texts for word probabilities, and then generates random sentences based on that. render large resolution images of a minecraft map with a google maps powered interface sql library (for nintendo 3ds homebrew development) extutils::typemaps::default - a set of useful typemaps system tray icon for microsoft onedrive service (onedrive-d) arcade style game like deflektor (c64) or mindbender (amiga). lpr and cups driver for brother ql-500 label printer this is a slightly modified version of axiom with buttons from xgtk gtk app to create desktop files matt mcinerney's raleway family, from pablo impallari lightweight module to define serializable, schema-validated classes compression library implementing the deflate compression method found in gzip and pkzip vc/pm identifiers for bash monitor and display application startup parser for android xml file and get application name without using androguard a lightweight and highly configurable tiling window manager for x svn version of a 3d opengl action-space-sim allowing players to trade and bounty hunt in a vast universe. ros - roscpp_serialization contains the code for serialization as described in messagesserializationandadaptingtypes. cups driver for the xerox phaser 3600 series. also supports fc2218, pe120, pe220, phaser 3117, 3200, 3250, 3250, 3300, 3435, 3600, 6110, workcentre 3210, 3220, 4118 polyvox is a library for storing, manipulating, and displaying volumetric representations of objects automatic license plate recognition library. a small tool to turn any entered passphrase into a strong secure password a small little utility to run a couple of executables under a new dbus session for testing a high quality, photorealistic, 3d rendering solution yet another vim plugin which uses clang for accurately completing c and c code. git version. ros - the control toolbox contains modules that are useful across all controllers. a multi-agent programmable modeling environment. module for reading tags of mp3 audio files a modern fairytale in an jump-and-run puzzle solving computer game torrent client based on efl get an api up and running quickly. (python2 version) simple api for running external processes. a tunneling, reverse proxy for developing and understanding networked, http services smartscope app (beta version) a lunar lander clone. open type iwona font forged alliance forever - lobby client. community-driven client system for supreme commander: forged alliance. plugins for audacious standalone python implementation of the tal, tales and metal specifications used in zope to power html and xml templates. intel® sgx linux module - dkms ffi plugin which adds support for bitmasked types (or flags) to ffi an object-oriented language for quick and easy programming keepass scripting utility trained language data for tesseract ocr engine custom gtk3 widgets trained language data for tesseract ocr engine neat and simple webcam app rodent file manager library library that simplifies creating user interfaces with wxpython. an wysiwyg html5 editor focused on bootstrap ui font rasterization library with infinality patches and custom settings. windowmanagement environment for guile generalized object based dispatch mechanism for use across frameworks. python library for accessing the razer daemon from python. python client to neovim, git version. use this to keep up with neovim-git casio communication protocol 7.00 implementation universal atsc and dvb blind scanner ocaml bindings for cairo dblib module for php music files for eternal lands a simple c library for controlling the neato xv robot and the hokuyo scanner - development headers sandbox'd ld_preload hack an auto-formatter for modern fortran code that imposes strict whitespace formatting, written in python. a distributed privacy aware social network (postgresql) ibm system and text mode bitmap fonts a simple client-server configuration storage and query system compizconfig bindings for python source serif pro is a serif typeface in the transitional style, designed to complement source sans. truetype version. a faster recursive dns server from dnspod ros - the octomap library implements a 3d occupancy grid mapping approach, providing data structures and mapping algorithms in c. python 2 extension to the swiss ephemeris fira code: monospaced font with programming ligatures. lao ttf fonts data files of the original dune ii game adch is a hub software for the adc network. a visual programming language designed for music composition administer brother printers kernel driver for razer devices (dkms-variant) puzzle game inspired by oxyd on the atari st and rock'n'roll on the amiga. a scalable, geo-replicated, transactional datastore collectd rrd web graphing application virtual piano instrument using physical modelling synthesis. both standalone and plugin versions. xstatic-d3 playstation move motion controller api xdgmenumaker creates generating menus using xdg information for blackbox, compizboxmenu, fluxbox, icewm, jwm, pekwm and windowmaker. function (graph) tracer for user-space part-of-speech tagger for english natural language processing. logging is a flexible logging library for use in ruby programs flexibly reshape data: a reboot of the reshape package a feature-rich, hardware-independent midi toolkit for python interacts with the linux hugetlbfs to make large pages available to applications in a transparent manner. gtk web content engine library expose some methods via dbus to control the vdr tracer cursor theme python library to safely render arbitrary readme files into html enables programs to use display computer terminals in a device-independent manner openstack dashboard plugin for vapoursynth: damb (git version) bot for posting media to gnu social. flac replay gain script similar to mp3gain and vorbisgain that uses metaflac x11 xorg config files for justbrowsing customize the way a web page displays or behaves, by using small bits of javascript. perl extension for grabbing images off the internet. mp3rename renames mp3-files according id3-infos the powerful music player for kde - git version a webkit based browser perl/cpan module panotools::script : panorama tools scripting light-weight option parsing with an argv hash. no optstrings attached. here is a socket.io client library for python. you can use it to write test code for your socket.io server. adds support of djvu thumbnail to thunar file manager python mpd client library a standalone graphical utility that displays java source codes of .class files latex to xml translator physically-based global illumination rendering engine primarily designed for animation and visual effects. ucesb - unpack & check every single bit keep up with current news and weather with coffee a basic renderer of the night sky. tem como objetivo codificar e decodificar strings. python port of browserscope's user agent parser standalone web browser from mozilla.org, nightly build, always updating generate bridge cards game hands for partnerships bidding training or for generating statistics that can be used to design conventions, or win postmortems ros - provides ros plugins that offer message and service publishers for interfacing with gazebo through ros. ros - low-level build system macros and infrastructure for ros. sunless sea is a nautical roguelike in glorious 2d, presenting a non-linear, choice-heavy, personalised experience. humblebundle version. ros - packages for interfacing ros with opencv, a library of programming functions for real time computer vision. a python library that generates svg maps from esri shapefiles. a very fast, flexible and easy to configure web server. sphinx documentation theme that integrates the bootstrap framework casio communication protocol 7.00 implementation scala ide for eclipse, stand-alone version mozilla sync server for built-in firefox sync - 1.1 version for firefox <29 a library that provides application layer protocol support using modern c techniques record, convert and stream audio and video (git version with all possible libs) c library for commandline flag processing (mingw-w64) dell ups local node manager add javascript or python style comments in json. tablib formatters for cliff cloud music integration for your linux desktop stable 3.0 branch. command line argument parser library, like getopt, except better. documentation. prints ip subnet ranges by list or cidr this package provides functions for generating html pages that contain the help texts for a set of functions. the package is designed to be as general as possible, but also contains convenience functions for generating a set of pages for entire packages. a library that allows developers to access policykit api with a nice qt-style api perl module that provides routine to transform a html page in a mime-lite mail miscellaenous dex (dalvik executable) tools. including dexrehash which displays/recomputes checksum. a columnar in-memory analytics layer for big data. portable emulator and tools for pokémon-mini - gtk debugger an interpreter for british text adventures by magnetic scrolls. bash based preprocessor for java utility for selecting manpage section to be opened python publish-subscribe package fortune quotes from warehouse 13 perl6 like method signature parser musicbrainz' unaccent extension to postgresql high performance blackbox stochastic optimization using the cma-es algorithm semantic file system for linux kernels a toolkit to convert between various different translation formats, help process and validate localisations kernel headers sanitized for use in userspace (armv8l-linux-gnueabihf) binding to the gio. an app which adds additional buttons to the owncloud share dialogue if you're using the gallery app, letting you quickly pick the type of link you need. spanish localization for kde. version before kf5 bring the system down when it is inactive utilities for the exfat file system without fuse (to prefer exfat kernel module over fuse) terranove cursor theme a library and program to retrieve decryption keys for hd discs the gnu compiler collection. stage 2 for toolchain building (arm-linux-gnueabihf) polyorb provides the distributed systems annex (dsa) to build distributed applications with ada. xdvdfs (xbox iso) file creation and extraction utility a stylish to-do list with built-in productivity timer. extra skins for singularity (and any other v1-type viewers) for second life (secondlife) and opensim (opensimulator). frog is an integration of memory-based natural language processing (nlp) modules developed for dutch. it includes a tokenizer, part-of-speech tagger, lemmatizer, morphological analyser, named entity recognition, shallow parser and dependency parser. a command-line utility that creates projects from project templates refined evernote desktop app convert scans of handwritten notes to beautiful, compact pdfs perl package for unicode case-folding for case-insensitive lookups implements a pre-document language and tools to process it. gobject based interface to system-tools-backends - shared library an ansi c command line parser install your ssh keys on remote sites a keyboard shortcut daemon type constraints based on xml schema datatypes python module to interface with iwlib ext2/3/4 filesystem utilities (git) udev rule for oculus rift renames multiple files using regular expressions. process list search thru grep computations with monomial ideals mapnik stylesheet compiler a program for nonlinear fitting of analytical functions to data. postgresql extension for carto first-person action/puzzle game (demo) perl module providing functions for generating lists sugar turtle art an html to postscript converter written in perl. a powerful file manager for the unix console. based on curses and written in python. a versatile deduplicating backup tool start dhcp daemon that dynamically creates configuration based on assigned ip address - git checkout roughly extract dependency relation from source code wxwidgets 2.8 base (gnome/gstreamer free!) a collection of small programs to compose your own screensaver or screenlocker gtk 3.x theme made to emulate a windows 10 environment on linux machines. asp planning tools for pddl ruby-gpgme is a ruby language binding of gpgme (gnupg made easy) a mobile-first webrtc client framework for building native apps highly customizable scrabble game (classic, superscrabble, 3d games) a network optimizing tool for high-delay network environment (root needed) a library to handle apple property list format whereas it's binary or xml a dlna-compliant upnp av server software from packetvideo. cross-platform gui library which renders in a web browser. generate an openvpn client profile in the unified format. f# project management tool pacifica icon theme by bokehlicia pydio sync client golang meta linter freedesktop-complient trashcan implemented in bash script for amd processors. it can manipulate power states, frequencies, dram timings, power settings and can report temperatures, monitor pstate changes and precise cpu usage. currently supported families are: 10h, 11h, 12h, 14h, 15h brother lpr and cups driver for hl-l2360dn, hl-l2360dw, hl-l2365dw diff browser intended for dealing with vandalism and other unconstructive edits on wikimedia projects monetdb: an open source database system run mapreduce jobs on hadoop or amazon web services. django dry forms. kernel module for hp omnibook,pavilion,toshiba and compal acl00 laptops gnutls26 library (current maintained debian version with .so-version 26) webkit based webclient (relies on pyqt) kattis online judge command line tool a web-based code review tool built on top of the git version control system an opentype/unicode math port of ams euler font. send log::any logs to a subroutine c interface for gstreamer 0.10 a collection of systemd services to interface with vmware /etc/init.d scripts. simple ofxclient command line utility and ofx client libraries for development. python wrappers for ethash, the ethereum proof of work hashing function web interface for eiskaltdc daemon. (git version) display the phase of the moon. supports twig templates for vim a software package for astronomical image processing gps support files for ericsson f3507g that provide an easy interface to gpsd (pl4nkton fork with build fixes) the metalua programming language your party with spotify - without ads! rust package manager a dosbox frontend compare files to check for equality/difference a window manager designed for speed, usability and consitency (enhanced) plugin for vapoursynth: nnedi3 (git version) advanced source port of "wolfenstein 3d" and "spear of destiny" based on wolf4sdl plugin providing all the little things (and some big ones), and it protects your servers from various problems. various objects to denote special meanings in python challenge promode arena (cpma) official mappack (can be used in any quake 3 mod). screen block/unblock applications for phonepi project bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - admin tool (gui) screencast tool to show your keys inspired by screenflick, based on key-mon. active fork with new features. gnome settings daemon with an additional patch to allow configuration of volume steps a modbus library for linux, mac os x, freebsd, qnx and win32 (development version) the gnu debugger a breeze thin skin for yakuake (kde4) ocaml package manager morse code tutor with a random number generator & skill level testing smart code searching and indexing an extension of the berkeley yacc-compatible parser generator. application for sending sms over the internet ros - assorted filters designed to operate on 2d planar laser scanners, which use the sensor_msgs/laserscan type. the toolkit for gps/glonass/galileo/sbas/beidou/qzss data a python interface to the gpgme gnupg library (rshk fork) unscramble a square matrix of numbered tiles to put them in order. an open-source jukebox for large collections of mp3/ogg/flac files, written in perl. gmail-like conversation view for thunderbird archlinux branded grub2 theme adapted from opensuse 12.2 amule patched for fastweb network (italy) by adunanza forum plugin for deadbeef to publish tune in psi/psi perl wrapper around libtermkey a purple (pidgin, finch, ...) plugin for rocketchat services tree widgets for urwid a simple graphical front end for udisks and mount in gtk3 wired and wireless network manager for linux a header-only dbus-binding leveraging c-11 tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (nl) gerber to gcode file converter frontend for mencoder amd/ati drivers aka crimson. sources to build fglrx module on dkms. default faces for gdm (you may install gnome-control-center instead) haskell 98 natural numbers a major mode for editing apache config files with emacs a safe and secure chat client anti evil maid for initramfs-based systems. terminal-based mua for the notmuch mail system a zooming presentation based on svg, using javascript data files for sonic robo blast 2 generate anki decks programmatically perl module: extension for creating arp packets an open source remote desktop protocol (rdp) server - git version corba server for humanoid path planner applications linux infrared remote control utils (irdroid version) pdf-processing-library for ocaml set hardware lock/unlock on (micro) sd cards s4 implementation of vectors and lists run-time engine for labview by national instruments. gps trace viewer a simple header-only logging library for c. self hostable application for saving web pages java card classic development kit documentation tool to parse vala or vapi files to transform them into swig interface files, c source files, gir or gear json parsing for fog providers thunderbird addon/extension and provider for microsoft exchange 2007/2010/2013 calendar, tasks, contacts and global address list (gal) fluxbox style set from tenr.de xyne's common pacman functions, for internal use. tools and libraries for smart cards paintball party 2 is the sequel to paintball party, a multiplayer action platformer for all ages. a library to decode several popular sound file formats (development version) a firefox add-on designed to provide more control over the behavior of the sidebar. the gnu compiler collection. stage 1 for toolchain building (rl78-elf) helper daemon for netctl-gui. a part of netctl-gui a modern curriculum vitae class for latex a tool to measure maximum tcp bandwidth a tool to make papers searchable - scan & forget a collection of latex packages, scipts and makefile fragments that allows to easily compile latex documents. c library for physics simulation use howm commands, operators and set configuration values through a unix socket. provides an extensive set of libraries, algorithms, and applications employed in a number of mobile robotics research areas. adds a pseudo invisible status to all jabber/xmpp accounts assembler, monitor and disassembler for z80 series cpus restful command line http client (simpler than curl). prompt notifications in certain intervals a set of tools to collect and process netflow data. virtual paper folding program a clone of the classic dos game, commander keen: invasion of the vorticons integer to roman numerals converter open with archive mounter nautilus menu entry html components for dash. simple testing api built on rack provides a 'keep me logged in' functionality for roundcube ros - this package contains generic definitions of geometric shapes and bodies. a spice-like electronic circuit simulator written in python open source 3d voxel editor for mac, windows and linux. xdg compliant menu generator a full-featured 2d table widget for tk. simple video converter for mp4, webm (vp8) and ogg theora xmpp library written in c with boost a command line interface for thepiratebay cartographic projections library. (mingw-w64) high-resolution coastlines for ncl, rangs (regionally accessible nested global shorelines) and gshhs (global self-consistent hierarchical high-resolution shoreline) downloads the national weather service metar bulletins, anv and mrf forecasts, and any weather map for display in a windowmaker dockapp guard is a command line tool to easily handle events on file system modifications. a free, open source, and cross-platform media player (smb support) an open-world, sandbox game set in an infinite abstract universe (game sold separately) free and open source messaging and emailing app that combines common web applications into one. razer device daemon and configuration tool, from git get full detailed information of selected domain watch kubernetes logstreams filtering with namespace and labels, like tail -f vim files for the bitbake tool netflow visualisation and investigation tool create beautiful fractal images in pygtk postgresql modules for php ros - rqt plugin for monitoring ros processes. webservice shell for fusiondirectory project ctr tools perl bindings for the taglib audio meta-data library a cli trash in python 3 endless forms most beautiful is a crazy platformer with braincrashing mechanics a python gui application, command line interface, and wrapper for tomb standalone web browser from mozilla.org, nightly build (zh-tw) open source implementation of ipsec for the linux operating system an open-source, single-player, role-playing roguelike game set in the world of eyal. bittorrent client consisting of a daemon and client commands to control the daemon html5 implementation of flash for firefox volume control for your system tray. ffi-checklib - check that a library is available for ffi a frugal, high performance file carver an easy_install replacement for installing pypi python packages an x11 theme by gruppler made entirely in inkscape, inspired by ghost cursors a fast distributed version control system tvheadend htsp pvr client addon for kodi library for instrumenting and integrating with all aspects of the unity shell the open-xchange backend ros - octovis is visualization tool for the octomap library based on qt and libqglviewer. a general purpose userspace thinkpad library a gtk theme that works well with the gnome-colors icon theme additional style plugins for qt5 a simple tool to convert temperatures performance analysis tools based on linux perf_events (aka perf) and ftrace a simple ntp (rfc-1305) client ros - this metapackage depends on the smach visualization tools. multiplatform cat tool application, written in java command line nbt editor a renderlib for mikumiku dance pmd model and vmd motion files a fast json parsing and encoding support for lua. image viewer and browser based on gthumb. x-apps project. pythonic and easy icalendar library user operations for zend c library for sorting and searching in opencl applications a git-annex special remote for google drive cvsps v2, needed by 'git cvsimport' a package implementing tools to compute spectral decompositions of irregularly-spaced time series. currently includes functions based off the lomb-scargle periodogram and adolf mathias' implementation for r and c (see urls). a compiler that integrates c and c code with scripting languages (2.0.x version) the odb qt profile library lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-440cn avalon framework is a library that can make python printing in linux much easier. ssh wrapper using proxycommand that adds regex, aliases, gateways, includes, dynamic hostnames to ssh and ssh-config aview is an high quality ascii-art image browser a script that shows messages to the user when the battery is almost empty. gcc-based toolchain for the genode framework simple multicast dns library for qt applications mesa vdpau drivers - non-libglvnd version a perl replacement for make command line interface to and serialization format for blosc. embedded gnu c library (arm-frc-linux-gnueabi) simple logout script for openbox an ncurses based hex editor with a vim-like interface. real-time messaging server for web applications perl interface to the shabal digest algorithm screen-previewer for .dvi-files compiled by tex simple and easy functions for common bitcoin operations webpage interface component meant for integration with other tools and scripts open source implementation of object rexx carto spatial analysis extension for postgresql a library for use in analyzing gromacs simulation output files scipy is open-source software for mathematics, science, and engineering. an application finder for xfce underscore is a utility-belt library for javascript that provides a lot of the functional programming support that you would expect in prototype.js (or ruby), but without extending any of the built-in javascript objects. command line loader for the teensy microprocessor boards bitcoin blockchain query protocol library to encode performance events for use by perf tool ros - components of moveit that offer interaction via interactive markers. creates index.html for directory contents shared publicly on dropbox. that way you can easily share whole content of the directory without the need to send separate links for all the shared files. gpu-accelerated micromagnetic simulation program edb (evan's debugger) is a qt4 based binary mode debugger with the goal of having usability on par with ollydbg. linear algebra library for java based on blas and lapack. attention: this package needs intel math kernel library which is not in the repositories. grey gtk2 and gtk3 theme a wordlist of russian words for /usr/share/dict/. proprietary driver for dell 2150cd, 2150cdn printers spanish (spain) language pack for pale moon browser python modules to parse, manipulate or create documents in lilypond format. a javascript minifier written in python (uses python2, git version) unified cache handling interface a free, open source, portable framework for opengl application development. (git, x11 version) terminfo files for the alacritty terminal emulator a low level petri net analyzer a wrapper in c to make x.org function as a proper systemd unit zolera soap infrastructure a python library for distributed computation. compton toggle for the tray a software system for 3d computer graphics, image processing, and visualization ros - metaprogramming tools move alot of runtime calculations to be shifted to compile time. an open source downloader for gog.com games, uses the gog.com api (git version) call mplayer for playback of video python 2 ordered multivalue dictionary openca ocsp responder genetic programming / stack based language on top of guile c parser and ast generator written in python a cross-platform automation and configuration tool/framework (git version) a desktop publishing program - version from svn xsl module for php modern, legacy free, simple yet efficient vim-like editor - statically linked django database backends that permit registering post-transaction-commit hooks linux port of the nesasm3 assembler. a tool for predicting and estimating the complexity of a genomic sequencing library, equivalent to predicting and estimating the number of redundant reads from a given sequencing depth. magic: the gathering flip cards for magic set editor. none lpr and cups driver for the brother hl-l8250cdn driver for hackrf, allowing general purpose software defined radio (sdr). a reasonably strong engine for the board game go virtual file system for tcl let's you control haguichi directly from the system status area in gnome shell. a cli tool for encoding, decoding, encryption, decryption, and hashing streams of data. ibm® sdk, java technology edition, version 8 arch linux build source file management (git version) ini file library for python. an efficient compressor with very fast decompression a retro-styled 2d platformer (game sold separately) the pantheon terminal emulator bitmap monospaced font with unicode support and powerline symbols ros - the class_loader package is a ros-independent package for loading plugins during runtime and the foundation of the higher level ros pluginlib library. audio player based on phonon the hdf5 legacy 1.8 series compiled with openmpi support the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm eabi (bare-metal) target the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. a library to help you test your interactive command-line applications a dlna/upnp mediaserver and mediarenderer a reimplementation of the classic jump & run game "nebulus" the exploit database (edb) an ultimate archive of exploits and vulnerable software - a collection of hacks open source firmware library for various arm cortex microcontrollers bitcoin abc with bitcoind, bitcoin-cli, bitcoin-tx, and bitcoin-qt ros - ros packaging system. ros - a fake controller manager plugin for moveit. a wrapper library to read, manipulate and write data in ods format a simple pacman and aur wrapper written in bash to help with everyday package tasks a protocol plugin for remmina to launch a teamviewer connection. a c library for reading, creating, and modifying zip archives library to use httpseverywhere in desktop applications sql workbench/j is a free, dbms-independent, cross-platform sql query tool. measure and visualize per-module build times of d projects a gtk-based tox-client romanian dictionary for aspell for scripting web sites that have scripts a simple vte-based terminal a cross-platform frontend designed for mame cabinets/game centers/etc. with a focus on simplicity and customization qt qpa plugin for android hwcomposer scriptcommunicator is a scriptable terminal with serial/tcp/udp/spi/can support dynamic vram allocation manager (psp) an advanced freeware audio player (uses wine). a digital audio workstation visual bell for x11 ros - the public interface and retaskable interface for a robot. terminal key input using libtermkey with anyevent scripts to make the life of a debian package maintainer easier opkg is a lightweight package management system based upon ipkg remove or convert ansi codes to another format bento is a no-nonsense packaging tool solution for python softwares. tux paint is a free drawing program designed for young children. rest api for any postgres database simple mock test library using raii. the multiversal cryptoengine! kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. (git version) experimental irc client, daemon and bot a git remote helper for gpg-encrypted remotes. designate tests only run by module authors c library that generates prime numbers and prime k-tuplets a cross-platform irc framework written with qt. mythtv pvr client addon for kodi efficiently computes derivatives of numpy code wmapplet for monitoring cpu usage host code for airspy sdr. simple & secure password management jsonpath implementation that aims to be standard compliant festival with german patches from ims stuttgart driver for the brother dcp-j725dw wifi multifuncional printer nvidia driver library symlinks for 'lib32-nvidia-utils-beta' python bindings for libnfc a general purpose untyped language, based on a virtual machine executing portable pseudo codes the elm mail system shet client library, written in c. various settings and changes for the panel in zorin desktop. one udevrules file triggering plug and battery level notifications (multi-x sessions support). freedesktop.org trash specification simple source-lines-of-code counter a new direction in ircii development. an application to convert python scripts into stand-alone binaries realtime filesystem monitoring program using inotify a suite of tools written in _python to solve automatic numerical differentiation problems in one or more variables. tool to find visually similar or duplicate images an advanced spawning mod for minetest the official android ide (stable branch) an open source, high performance library for simulating rigid body dynamics a latex package for drawing coffee stains using pgf/tikz cmake modules needed to build open webos components a sprite library for python with game development in mind fast fetch and two-way tag synchronization between notmuch and gmail ros - collection of cmake/make build tools primarily for ecl development itself, but also contains a few cmake modules useful outside of the ecl. a flat theme for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell (without transparency) experiments in structured and contextual logging utility for verifying hash sums (sfv, crc, etc) - development version backblaze b2 command line client a graphical interface for chess a convenient template engine to just 'do the thing!' python port of browserscope's user agent parser ros - rqt_runtime_monitor provides a gui plugin viewing diagnosticsarray messages. allows network administrators to make calculations that will assist in subnetting a network plasma 5 applet that monitors network speed of currently active connections converts files between the .dwg and .dxf file formats, qt5 version freeware virtual-analog synthesizer from u-he organize your mouse types in libraries a dynamic window manager for x ros - rqt_tf_tree provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros tf frame tree. password checking library (x32 abi) archlinux mkinitcpio hook to install and enable the tinyssh daemon in early userspace a small program which displays the time in various places epson printer driver (ep-703a) create fbpad font files. structured configuration library a plugin for the alternative distributed hash table implementation (dht) used by µtorrent epson printer driver (stylus office bx320fw, tx525fw / workforce 520, 525) hit your enemies using mathematical functions perp, aka the perpetrator, a persistent process supervisor. python rsync wrapper for backup a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator an app to print email from cli mail clients, mutt in particular a pacman .files metadata explorer heavily modified version of the original dwarf therapist. the wiki tutorial from github as a local copy the chef development kit contains everything you need to start using chef along with the tools essential to managing the code that runs your business. a high-quality (48 khz/24 bit/16 layers) piano sample library a tool to dump the login password from the current linux user photonic mode solver with a simple interface. commercial multi-processor disassembler and debugger. besiege is an upcoming physics based building game in which you construct medieval siege engines and lay waste to immense fortresses and peaceful hamlets. a launcher for tcl applications. adds new commands and widgets to the tcl interpreter. cinnamon desktop applet for displaying local weather conditions beyond compare 3: compare, sync, and merge files and folders the next-generation jack with smp support (for d-bus interaction only) functional programming language with dependent types an xrandr wrapper daemon for automatically configuring displays upon system events. radio slow-scan tv for qt dark theme for the lxqt desktop, color scheme for qterminal, lxqt-panel, mixed between breeze and ambiance subtitle editor running on java enable binaural audio globally in 3d applications basic python bindings to the tesseract c api python bindings for interacting with vagrant virtual machines. numerical markup language (numl) for exchange and archiving of numerical results an extractor for datafiles of 'to the moon' and other games based on the rpg maker xp engine the react native upgrade tool littleplugger is a module that provides gem based plugin management. cross-platform media decoding library the swift virtual file system for hubic (ovh) microsemi adaptec command line interface utility lightweight caldavcarddav server a programming environment for introducing children to programming and algorithm design. send pod to a spelling checker google now alternative for the plasma desktop python library for scientific computing, git version making arch linux easier a deduplicating backup program for efficient and secure backups. fortune quotes from the league of gentlemen a turn-based tactical massively multiplayer online role-playing game (mmorpg) written in java/opengl. a computer algebra system designed specifically for the solution of problems encountered in field theory. an automatic x screen-locker/screen-saver xs replacement for class::accessor::fast serve appcontainer images and allow their discovery ros - a path planner library and node. generic mapping tools v4: collection of tools for manipulating geographic and cartesian data sets, and generating eps maps. human detection in c and opencv a successor to the log4j project. compatibility module providing lua-5.3-style apis for lua 5.2 finnish spell-checker extension for firefox/thunderbird/seamonkey using voikko minimal x86 firmware for booting linux kernels. die heldenverwaltung für das pen&paper-rollenspiel "das schwarze auge" (dsa) a computer program that plays the game of shogi, also known as japanese chess. x.org s3 video driver ros - this package contains a c base class for urdf parsers. cairo vector graphics library out of the linux source tree, packaging of the kconfig infrastructure, ready for use by third party projects bpf compiler collection - c library and examples parser combinators for idris tools for ipe: pdftoipe, figtoipe, ipe5toxml, svgtoipe an ide built around neovim gesture injector: no-geis, no-toolkits. ros - convex decomposition tool for robot model. net::ipaddress - functions used to manipulate ip addresses, masks and fqdns fortune quotes from carnivàle utility to securely synchronize a fitbit tracker with the fitbit server none nvidia cuda optimized primitives for collective multi-gpu communication gobject collection library the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security with chacha20 cipher text user interface, framework for scripts a simple bash script, which makes setting the proxy server easier in kde tiny linux-specific utilities shallot allows you to create customized .onion addresses for your hidden service. chromium os embedded controller host tools calculator based on efl systems programming language focused on safety, speed and concurrency (code completion data) unicode enabled rxvt-clone terminal emulator (urxvt) with fixed font spacing and wide glyphs patch (cvs version) a british english male voice for the mbrola synthesizer run elm-test suites. gstreamer openmax il wrapper plugin small graphical tool (based on qt) to resize, especially magnify bitmaps in high quality. (also called smillaenlarger) perl wrapper around the libusb 0.1 library calculator plugin for the xfce4 panel. cram like framework for ocaml simple command line statistics python wrapper for ta-lib collection of scripts to watch youtube videos in a terminal or tty c wrapper of sqlite3 api ace stream multimedia plugin for web browsers a editor/ide described as "the only thing you need to create clojure and java projects" project generators for various embedded tools (ide) azure storage data plane sdk supporting multiple api versions ros - tf2_tools. 面向未来的团队工作方式，团队沟通与智能化工作流 a qt trayicon and notifier for irssi circos addon scripts for common data reduction and analysis tasks the pointless window manager python library for the using the nokia 5110/3310 monochrome graphic lcd with a raspberry pi or beaglebone black curses-based tools for zshell, e.g. multi-word history searcher a high-level scripting language none useful apache tools - htdigest, htpasswd, ab, htdbm a wrapper for running neovim in a separate instance of gnome-terminal doit automation tool (git version) a virtual network service for openstack - midonet plugin a qt4 interface to the museekd daemon. atop network kernel module, enables network statistics in atop mit/gnu scheme from git canon ij printer driver (for mg4100 series) a simple screenshot and uploading tool run headless display inside x virtual framebuffer (xvfb) scaling, colorspace conversion, and dithering library. (git version) terminfo for termite, a simple vte-based terminal encode sans font: obsessively optimized for the web, from pablo impallari inkscape extension to export selected objects to various file formats perl superglue for web frameworks and web servers plugin for vapoursynth: fillborders (git version) interactive fiction compiler ocaml bindings to libspeex automate launching of fake mdp for testing purposes a small and simple window manager inspired by ratpoison a library of polyhedral functions slack client for your terminal netsukuku resolver a romanian male voice for the mbrola synthesizer arabic fonts by king fahd glorious quran printing complex in al-madinah al-munawwarah a php module that provides the external diff engine for mediawiki visualon adaptive multi rate wideband (amr-wb) encoder a library allowing optional async readback opengl frame buffer with optional audio recording a dead-simple but powerful tox client. a logging framework handler that tracks when messages above a certain level have been logged. a french belgian voice for the mbrola synthesizer ham radio - determines arrl dxcc entity of a callsign fractal flame image and animation processor written in java cgi-ssi (server side includes) for perl a 2d action role-playing game (humble version) generate some data in rdfa easy spec file management using yaml claws-mail plugin reloader plugin - git checkout a fully-featured window manager written in go. 1password cli swedish language pack for seamonkey a package which provides an interactive html debugger for pyramid application development compiz boxmenu pipeitems, most converted from some openbox pipemenus an iptables front-end to allow rules to be expressed in a more flexible, free-form style using language. zurb foundation on sass/compass python's dict on top of redis a distributed, unsupervised, coverage-guided linux syscall fuzzer qt gui and api interfaces to ethernet cameras via aravis brazilian script with 134 useful mini applications the aws sdk for python themes for fvwm the urdf (u-robot description format) library provides core data structures and a simple xml parsers for populating the class data structures from an urdf file. a pass extension that helps you to keep the whole tree of password encrypted inside a tomb. a postscript font based off on generation b (used in my little pony: friendship is magic), originally created by purple tinker, redux by mattyhex win32 implementation of wxwidgets api for gui (development branch, mingw-w64) ros - diagnostic_aggregator. fuse file system for spotify a library-based package manager with dependency support. reproducible builds version. the sequelize cli. a basic decorative ttf font by apostrophic labs a slender monospace typeface. shape: consolas. set of html documentation for mysql. support pkg-config script (does not depend on any particular version of pkg-config). useful for pkg-config powered cross-compiling with mingw-w64, see http://tinyurl.com/pkg-config-cross for more info a bash script that acts like an alarm clock. adds a .json vmethod for all tt values. monitors kerberos tickets and pops up a dialog when they are about to expire. brother dcp-l2540dw cups drivers. a program for drawing publishable-quality electrical circuit schematic diagrams (development version) a major mode for editing vala source files in emacs a library to allow applications to export a menu into the unity menu bar (gtk 2 library) a tool to measure maximum tcp bandwidth, with support for dccp, tcp pluggable congestion control and continuous runs a plugin that allows to use the yubikey otp functionality in keepass. c/c ide. 30-day evaluation. imagination is a lightweight and simple dvd slideshow maker in gtk2. an apache module which allows nice displaying of directories containing mp3, flac, ogg vorbis or mp4/aac files. keyboard layout designed by jack rosenthal intellivision emulator add words from kindle to anki gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugins import lib for visual studio (mingw-w64) extensible shell, a shell based on plan 9's rc shell, influenced by functional languages. fast gaussian processes for regression the library behind kovan and computer interaction over serial automatically release aur packages flexible and efficient library for deep learning panel for the xfce desktop environment with bigger icons in tasklist for hidpi displays voice recordings for freeswitch japanized nethack, a single player dungeon exploration game (deprecated -- merged into 'nikola') computer hex engine by ualberta. winner of 2015 icga olympiad. makes http fun! also, makes consuming restful web services dead easy. pt3 driver sources for dkms open source slack-alternative in golang and react a compression/decompression library for open watcom (cross-)compilation a tomboy plugin to generate a table of contents menu item. perl extension for accessing /proc/meminfo thumbnailer to show odf (opendocument format) previews in kde file managers. a suite of small networking utilities for unix systems.. ros - ros driver for a generic linux joystick. dockapp for interfacing mpd. gtk2 im module for fcitx - 32-bit scripts for thinkpad x220 & x230 tablet rotation, docking, etc. a comprehensive, dwim-featured api to metacpan (deprecated) ros - neato xv-11 laser driver. cheat allows you to create and view interactive cheatsheets on the command-line. fast, multipurpose tool for aws cloudwatch logs free lossless image format combination of arc icon theme and faenza dark icon theme. also includes some icons from other sets for icon sizes 22 and 24. plugin for vapoursynth: svpflow1 a reliable static website deploy tool a lua library which provides base2(bitfield), base16(hex), base32(crockford/rfc), base64(rfc/url), base85(z85) decoding and encoding for lua 5.2 telugu language pack for firefox beta a touchosc midi bridge for pd, pd-l2ork version zope interfaces for python 2.x (build for pypy) a painless self-hosted git service. solver for nonlinear least squares problems a latex style for attribute-value matrices secure trading client for most popular bitcoin exchanges fast and accurate illumina paired-end read merger xde .desktop entry helpers a set of enhancements to the standard library benchmark.rb. used to create microsoft compatible boot records modify c/c code using prepocessor statements ssh using a key stored in kryptonite enhanced seccomp library compact disc digital audio extraction tool patched for lead-out overread support transition package. connman network manager with networkmanager compatibility for all networkmanager aware applications hdd diagnostic and recovery tool for linux a collection of desktop applications for the linux sound system alsa. the wpi first robotics competition c/c library for the arm-frc-linux-gnueabi toolchain kayak is a can bus analysis tool based on socketcan a simple directory cloner asynchronous console and interfaces for asyncio a puzzle game where you build elaborate chemical factories. scalable postgresql for multi-tenant and real-time workloads clang analysis plugin for glib and gnome ros - launch files to start the openni2_camera drivers using rgbd_launch. close chrome browser including background, or launch a version of google chrome/chromium a minimal twitter client based on gtk3. sprockets rails integration enhanced continuation of the classic real-time strategy game dune ii docker powered mini-heroku in around 100 lines of bash. a simple ruby version manager for fish 'java mission-planning and analysis for remote sensing' is a geospatial information system for mars an html5 theme for mdm's webkit greeter. python bindings for libgpuarray nolimips is a mips-based simulator with "infinitely many registers". utility library for 389 administration an interpreted, gc'd, dynamic, modern and practical stack based language. ktextwidgets jack support for pulseaudio aiomonitor adds monitor and python repl capabilities for asyncio application a multi-platform mpeg, vcd/dvd, and divx player (git version) french cursive hand fonts from ctan (for texlive) caled is a visual editor for lut calibration files, it uses dispwin to upload and download the luts client for making isotopes easy a xine-based multimedia player plugin for mozilla browsers and other plugin-compatible browsers. paypal api implementation in python create fair-use archival copies of dvd content on single-layer writable dvds header files and scripts for building modules for linux-zen-flipdone kernel fork of vim aiming to improve user experience, plugins, and guis. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-next-git kernel cross compiler environment for building windows binary gems. voice net controller database / check-in application library for computation using data flow graphs for scalable machine learning parse and format atom datetime strings a spaceline mode line theme using all the icons for emacs metapackage to install perl6 modules included in rakudo star a program to display or plot data, analyze data and prepare it for printing, qt version of the grace portabase manages one-table database files (binary from debian package) a shadowsocks fork official minecraft launcher japanese freeware pc side-scrolling platformer game (aka cave story) simple curses clock wirtten in python cinelerra maintained by good guy (git version) password encoder for cisco vpn client single-player roguelike dungeon exploration game (x11 version) a two-way integration between vim and ipython 0.11 library with functions useful for numerical computation in classical mechanics and structural analysis. a video encoding/decoding library webcam data of the msn protocol extensions to the upstream python subprocess module a tool to query the notmuch database for addresses. this is a python library for parsing version strings via semver. an interactive xrandr interface using bash a fast and scalable web platform by extending nginx with lua pam sasl auth module tool to detect rfid-tags and show their meta information manage files with git, without checking their contents into git (cabal sandbox build) cross platform wbfs file system manager a simple mixin for cli interfaces, including option parsing event driven concurrent framework using asyncio ros - xmlrpc is a c implementation of the xml-rpc protocol. node version manager python wrapper for libsodium tahoma and tahoma bold fonts from the wine project plugin for vapoursynth: beziercurve (git version) apache milagro crypto library the offline version of the entire pro git book, written by scott chacon and ben straub highly-constrained non-convex optimization and uncertainty quantification generation of accessor and iteration functions for ocaml variant types documentation for numpy perl/cpan module text-multimarkdown colorful, dark color scheme, inspired by ir_black and twilight clcc is a compiler for opencl kernel source files. it's tool for application developers who want to verify their opencl code actually gets compiled by the driver before their program tries to compile it on-demand. wrapper library for evdev devices (32-bit) 2d real time strategy game that is a clone of mega-lo-mania set various aspects of philips (and compatible) webcams. launch the gyazo app and drag your mouse to grab the screen. script to hide grub unless shift is held down. the libxdiff library implements basic and yet complete functionalities to create file differences/patches image super-resolution for anime-style art a c logger very close to java's log4j multi-language thesaurus query and replacement plugin for neovim a text-based audio player. header files and scripts for building modules for linux kernel for odroid u3 geographic pandas extension a message bus scanner. additional header files for developing oracle applications with instant client the marvelous gtk2 cairo engine (development version, 32 bit) a per-user urxvt daemon service for systemd goggles music manager generate nt hash a different take on the music player base icon theme from the numix project a dynamic window manager for x - with pango support debhelper scripts for python 2: pyversions, python2.pm terminal emulation library to mimic vt100 and rxvt capabilities generate a tmx translation memory for use in computer-assisted translation the fastest json parser and object serializer. a bash reimplementation of a command line tool to create and view interactive cheatsheets export qt5 applications menus over d-bus a graphical configuration tool for compton x composite manager. development version. virtual tabletop software. it helps you to manage tabletop role playing games with remote friends/players. the fortran template library detect which compiler version was used for compiling an elf file a spice circuit optimizer. helsinki finite-state transducer technology (hfst) tools tass64 is cross (turbo) assembler targeting the mos 65xx series of micro processors (6502/65c02/r65c02/w65c02/65ce02/65816/dtv/65el02) standalone lyrics fetcher/displayer (windowed and osd mode). supports mpris1/2 players, and mpd. console ui for pass (git version) bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - python plugin for file daemon return to castle wolfenstein single player (justin crawford fork) github version of ulam compiler and mfm simulator gui programe for supporting various instruments from dreamsourcelab, including logic analyzer, oscilloscope, etc. catalan language pack for firefox beta pica pica is a distributed instant messaging software that employs strong cryptography for communication protection turkish dictionary for hunspell the opengl extension wrangler library a high-quality data compression program (watcom-cross) ros - visualization launchers and helpers for jackal. a sanger chromatograph viewer. watches for changes in a directory tree and reruns a command in an acme win or just on the terminal. dockapplet to provide systemtray commandline acl utilities for the linux nfsv4 client this utility allows you to do just that - bind commands to mouse button events on the screen corners, via a simple and concise configuration file. a html, css, and js framework for designing responsive, mobile first projects on the web. general purpose dsp and sdr toolkit, with drivers for usrp and fcd. usfm to osis bible format converter converts wordperfect document formats to latex syntek dc-1125 camera driver (integrated camera in asus laptops) a simple, small proxy which was intended for use with kgdb, or gdbserver type connections where you want to share a text console and a debug session. free game data files for doom gaming engines clone of turn-based artillery games like scorched earth or worms (formerly known as wormux) a collection of polkit rules to manage automounting of removable media, suspend and hibernate actions and cpu frequency settings. an sstv decoder that aims for intuitive simplicity and lack of features not needed by a shortwave listener (swl). server daemon for communication between client and openbazaar network (latest devel version) cross-platform user-friendly xlsx library for c14 alkasir is a cross-platform, open-source and robust website censorship circumvention tool that also maps censorship patterns around the world. sticky notes the linux-lts41 kernel and modules mustache template engine tes3mp is a project aiming to add multiplayer functionality to openmw, a free and open source recreation of the popular bethesda softworks game "the elder scrolls iii: morrowind". ros - the opencv_apps package, most of code is taken from https://github.com/itseez/opencv/tree/master/samples/cpp. adds mysql-specific methods to time::piece gtkradiant is the official level design toolchain for games powered by id tech engines. portuguese (portugal) language pack for seamonkey french grammar checker extension for libreoffice. lightweight x11 session manager for lxde another sendmail milter for different mail checks. toolkit that automaticaly converts docbook to oasis opendocument a simple face detector for batch processing firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - welsh perl captcha::recaptcha::mailhide cpan module a command line tool for digitalocean services freedesktop.org hicolor icon theme a system restore utility for linux ratelim is a simple python 2 library that limits the number of times a function can be called during a time interval. it is particularly useful when using online apis, which commonly enforce rate limits. slic3r is an stl-to-gcode translator for reprap 3d printers, aiming to be a modern and fast alternative to skeinforge. an extension for nautilus to send files with pushbullet a portable implementation of the pthread_workqueue api first introduced in mac os x. file manager for the mate desktop (gtk2 version) a popular channel based package manager for rpm distros. the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security with zlib support document management software manage applications of an iphone or ipod touch generates qr (quick re­sponse) codes in latex fencing tournament management software taskflow for task-oriented systems a sans-serif style high quality cjk outline font. 2d animation software based on toonz studio ghibli version. cups postscript driver for konica minolta bizhub c554e series (c554e/c454e/c364e/c284e/c224e) the drupal console is a suite of tools that you run on a command line interface (cli) to generate boilerplate code and interact with a drupal 8 installation. yubico universal 2nd factor (u2f) host c library - git checkout check what os we're running on program to detect (and optionally delete) files with same contents. perl interface to the gmp library's floating point (mpf) functions. library that provides decoding and encoding of audio on a playlist. enchant module for php remotely execute commands on windows nt/2000/xp/2003 systems a pure-python ctypes wrapper generator parse and format oracle dates and timestamps kernel headers for the zettabyte file system. simple image resizer in qt python client library for ceilometer retrieve and store mooltipass credentials easily from websites. a configuration database system without polkit dependency a lemmings clone, i.e. a level-based puzzle game (development version) monospace courier font alternative optimized for screenplays limiter, compressor, reverberation, stereo equalizer and auto volume effects for pulseaudio applications xstatic-term.js nightly build of an editor for openstreetmap written in java a flexible lightweight multi-language test report tool with the possibility to add steps, attachments, parameters and so on. x11 client-side library (x32 abi) php extension for wddx simple building of rpms & debian packages from git repos diskless remote boot in linux: manage the deployment of the gnu/linux operating system across many clients a set of interactive text-mode tools. imager-qrcode for perl watch, preview, slideshow, download from youtube and google image serial emulator based on tinyserial a library to manipulate property list files ros - base dependencies and support libraries for ros. pov-ray mode for emacs http server with passenger module canon drivers for the mp630 printer/scanner @public for populating __all__ library providing freedesktop.org specs implementations for qt. php bindings for ice rpc framework puf is similar to gnu wget but it is able to download files in parallel. steam locomotive runs across your terminal when you type "sl" as you meant to type "ls" gstreamer multimedia framework (mingw-w64) atlauncher is a launcher for minecraft which integrates multiple different modpacks to allow you to download and install modpacks easily and quickly. installs latest released jar. framework to process and analyze data from high-throughput sequencing assays a graphical ftp client for kde a novel short-read assembly method that can build a de novo draft assembly for the human-sized genomes. ros - this app utilises pano_ros for taking snapshots and stitching them together to create panorama pictures. utility and widget library based on glib and gtk3. 0.2.x branch a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator dump1090 is a simple mode s decoder for rtlsdr devices. malcolmrobb fork. git version. ambient noise community library. sounds and icons from the users opengl implementation testing suite. provides a simple means to perform regression tests. microsoft azure command-line tools role command module easily and efficiently manipulate multicast streams soundfonts as lv2 plugins via fluidsynth an xmms2 web interface client a free, open-source version of the classic jazz jackrabbit™ games interior point optimizer monero: the secure, private, untraceable currency - release version (includes daemon, wallet and miner) otr (off the record) messaging for znc simple cross-platform gui for rclone google noto emoji fonts. ott, a tool for writing definitions of programming languages and calculi easily dump variables with names perspective based puzzle game, where you flatten the view to move across gaps. command line password manager. a script which automates a limited set of rubyforge operations user-space rstp and mstp daemon a simple namespaced plugin facility basic immutable container types for python. minimalist terminal emulator based on vte and tmux an emulation library and client programs for z80 calculators finding errors using n-gram data, german text hot patching executables on linux using .so file injection. ros - 3d visualization tool for ros. maybe a gnome shell like dashboard for xfce catalan thesaurus known_hosts downloader/merger for openssh install php versions look up location and network information by ip address kubernetes.io kubernetes-cni binary ijavascript is a javascript kernel for the jupyter notebook windowmanager in written in elisp python 2 sql toolkit and object relational mapper a tool to log your sport activities. yet another basic suricata is a free and open source, mature, fast and robust network threat detection engine create tags files from ile rpg source files. simple application to manage xfce panel layouts a remote execution and communication system built on zeromq a 'virtual machine' for several classic graphical point-and-click adventure games. robotomono for powerline the jack1 audio server with dbus patch bittorrent .torrent file parser and summariser service files for running irexec as systemd (user) service dependency injection framework for qt simple graphical user interface to manage a small ca (certification authority) z3 is a high-performance theorem prover being developed at microsoft research deepin wine wechat 2.6.0 lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-9330cdw whereigo files (.gwc) decompiler (git) xplor-nih is a structure determination program which builds on the x-plor program, including additional tools developed at the nih calculate the distance (in km or in miles) between two points on earth, located by their latitude and longitude. the python 3.4 standard 'ssl' module api implemented on top of pyopenssl a light-and-dark, and dark-and-darker set of themes. a popular and easy to use graphical irc (chat) client, with python2 support c style enumerated types and bitmask flags in perl rpgmaker xp runtime package java decompiler, assembler, and disassembler qt based unix mame frontend for sdlmame. (svn version) the .net core runtime adds support for telegram to pidgin, adium, finch and other libpurple based messengers. upgrade notifier w/ aur support, watched (aur) packages, news a new implementation of low level support for a standard c library ip routing utilities - git checkout time-frequency browser designed for scientific visualization of the spectral domain. send email when motion create picture a simple battery monitor tray icon using acpi trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a protocol built on top of udp by adding reliability control and congestion control. pam module that runs the python interpreter and so allows pam modules to be written in python. openbox menu framework. comes by default with semplice linux. python implementation of the sender policy framework (spf) protocol nvidia driver utilities and libraries for 'nvidia-full-beta-all' (32-bit) repository containing cheatcode files, content data files, etc. lean theorem prover data files for the passcheck package nvidia driver library symlinks for 'lib32-nvidia-utils-vulkan-developer-beta' fish, bash, zsh, and powershell completion for click. opennap client. squared icon set for linux - light and dark printer driver brother p-touch label printers python wrapper for smbus access over i2c-dev. a graphical user interface for the klick metronome for jack twemperf/mcperf memcached benchmark a fully tested, abstract interface to creating oauth clients and servers. an open-source firmware for cypress fx2 oauth plugin for gsso extensible and flexible object <-> relational mapper. ros - keyboard teleoperation for kobuki: relays commands from a keyboard to kobuki. educational tool and media-rich authoring environment for teaching children a generator of arithmetic cores (floating-point cores, but not only) for fpgas (but not only) extutils::xspp - xs for c library to handle sound description interchange format (sdif) files. (32 bit) a c99 library providing cross-platform audio input and output perl extension for reading ms excel 2007 files; desktop app to enable easier use of the tecart business software firefox profile for justbrowsing nvidia drivers for linux-ck, 340xx legacy branch. asynchronous generators and context managers for asyncio universal ruby library to handle websocket protocol a library for yuv scaling (git) a customizable, syntax-aware linter for prose. print backends for gtk4 a git credential helper interfacing with pass, the standard unix password manager crypto undertaker extensions to improve password security dedicated avldrumkits lv2 plugin from x42 generate and change steam colorscheme on the fly x11 mouse theme netcat as a library: convienent socket interfaces sddm theme with apple tv aerial videos gnu readline-like line editing module a teeny tiny artificial life virtual machine a gateway class for tunneling connections via ssh over a forwarded port jvmtop is a lightweight console application to monitor all accessible, running jvms on a machine libreoffice development branch php browscap simple visual task board open-source dns benchmark utility manipulate audio with an simple and easy high level interface a microscopic pedestrian crowd simulation system the voice chat application server for mumble (development snapshot) offers an xml language binding to ease the development of soap/xml web services in c and c/c gcode visualizer python auto-completion for emacs pydio booster is a unique tool developed to easily boost your pydio installation performance jwtauth (json web tokens) auth plugin for httpie an encrypted network without censorship a gkrellm2 plug-in for monitoring the link quality of your wireless lan cards a wallpaper setter for minimalist window managers a library for reading and writing gif images (mingw-w64) set of widgets for kivy inspired by google's material design. erasure code api library written in c with pluggable erasure code backends an open source web browser engine (qt port) interface to the librsb package implementing the rsb sparse matrix format. python implementation of the multistate bennett acceptance ratio (mbar) method for estimating expectations and free energy differences. transparent theme for kde 4.x firefox-based privacy aware web browser, build from sources the unhackable vanish plugin library for computing non-uniform fast fourier transforms. wrapper for jshint to allow hinting of jsx files flashrom is a utility which can be used to detect, read, erase, or write bios chips (dip, plcc, spi). sugar hello world ancestris is a genealogy program written in java static site generator using erlang. yes, erlang. low-level system programming language that is designed to interoperate seamlessly with the lua programming language. xtables-addons is a set of additional extensions for the xtables packet filter that is present in the linux kernel ros - rosmsg contains two command-line tools: rosmsg and rossrv. community-driven open source gaming client use cpanel::json::xs with a fallback to json::xs and json::pp library that can create and read several streaming archive formats - git version a proprietary music streaming service the simple application to switch the display with one click between single and dual mode a lower-level library that provides a higher level interface to xml processing, particularly in light of signing and encryption html tables for use with the flask micro-framework morphological analyzer for japanese iptables::chainmgr - perl extension for manipulating iptables and ip6tables policies additional icons for elementary os freya. a tiny and smart cli player of douban.fm based on python a pde oriented language using the finite element method (mercurial) provides libgnat-7.1.so & libgnarl-7.1.so required by gnat_util and other ada packages. epson printer driver (l120) manipulate images with minimal use of memory via imagemagick / graphicsmagick pythonqt fork featuring qt 5.x and python 3.x support and improved cmake build system (qt5 and python2.7 version) dead simple lan file transfers from the command line shop (simple hierarchical ordered planner) is a domain-independent automated-planning system that is based on ordered task decomposition, which is a type of hierarchical task network (htn) planning lightweight module to define serializable, schema-validated classes cli for masterkit co2 monitor qt-based jabber/xmpp and gadu-gadu client xconvers is a client for the amateur radio convers system ros - this library contains wrappers for generating floating point values, integers, quaternions using boost libraries. a swedish dvorak keyboard layout protocol buffers disassembler an ocaml streaming codec to decode and encode the xml data format activex integration framework (mingw-w64) meow is a fork of meow that uses whitelist mode dynamic x menu - with xft, width, x, y and mouse support a python wrapper for librtlsdr (a driver for realtek rtl2832u based sdr's) simple mtp fuse filesystem driver a game about exploring the lost world of kairo flexible geometry modeling and processing system the dungeon crawler where your friends control the monsters tool for managing remote repositories from your git cli! digital photo processing application jwasm fork (git) pkgbuild file. configuration tool for kernel crypto algorithms a sniffer which displays information about tcp connections it sees on a network interface software for loop and cue handling in .wav files a python module to detect the operating system. x desktop environment display and session management ocaml bindings to libschroedinger mopidy extension for playing music from google play music dos linker which can be used to link 16-bit pe executables targetting dos or win32 virtual terminal emulator widget for use with gtk3 with fedora patches runtime libraries shipped by gcc (developmental version) gnu make utility to maintain groups of programs (3.81 version) movie downloader for usenet and torrents. haskell program for managing tarsnap backups youtube-dl and ffmpeg frontend, converts videos to mp3 monospace font for pretty code listings and for the terminal (modified to have straight single and double quotes) skinning engine for swing a fast-samples based normalization library for logs the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm64 target kcoreaddons kate c helper plugin a script that analyzes a gps-tracklog to find the position where digital images were taken a visual text-based captcha challenge module for pam/ssh logins free and open source real-time stenography engine. a collection of machine learning algorithms for data mining tasks this plugin provides gimp with the ability to load and export webp images. a graphical software to download apks from the google play store. polkit agent for theshell driver for the fuji-xerox docucentre series. also supports apeosport and docuprint series. format or write images to usb-sticks (linux mint tool) open a file via the specified application within a private firejail sandbox. soapysdr rtl-sdr support module open source web based workflow software and business process management software unit testing for r cross-platform tools to computer hashes, or message digests, for any number of files perl module that allows you to create html emails an unsupported, advanced version of exodus geda extensions for gnucap both an open source voxel game engine and a role playing game. i3 scratchpad manager proper project management in vim. standing on the shoulders of vimwiki and taskwarrior canon inkjet printer driver (mx920 series, binary) nvidia kernel module sources (dkms), 173xx branch ros - this package provides ros specific hooks for stage. livehouse.in livestreamer plugin - git version force binding on a specific ip and/or port, change ttl/tos/ka/mss/reuseaddr/fwmark/priority. works with both ipv4 and ipv6. also, you can enforce bandwidth per process or per socket fast multi-keyword search engine for text strings gui frontend for encfs. create, mount, umount and delete your encrypted fs. kf5 version. general purpose python data validator makes pacman think that rust et. al is installed for users using the official rustup install procedure. set up multi-user environment for the nix package manager analyse and manage all your recorded gps-tracks zx2c4 pass manager addon for firefox easy, powerful access to python functions from the command line. policykit integration for the mate desktop (gtk2 version) mig is mozilla investigator - a tool for remote system investigation at scale. a suite of instrumentation, electrical, mechanical, process engineering calculation and design programs and other tools. full-featured bittorrent client package and utilities library for gp32 homebrew development a filesystem benchmark tool a small and easy to use text editor firmware for gobi 2000 wwan chipset ros - tf2_eigen. sql developer command line interface for oracle development version of a turn-based strategy game on a fantasy world madanalysis 5 is a framework for phenomenological investigations at particle colliders plugin for vapoursynth: vfrtocfr steam wrapper for common operations a library for layout and rendering of text (mingw-w64) gnu privacy guard 2 - a pgp replacement tool. development version. do not use in production environments. test new ecc algorithm by using --expert with --gen-key the gnu compiler collection for multilib (4.9.x) an emulator with builtin dos for running dos games. 32-bit build with selected patches convert json to a unix-friendly line-based format. give your module classic and oo interfaces implementation of the ijvm machine described in the book structured computer organization d language plugin for kdevelop - git build synaptics driver for notebook touchpads a new implementation of the c standard library, targeting c11 (experimental library) manipulate audio with an simple and easy high level interface yagy is a (yet another) graphical user interface for yacas, a (yet another) computer algebra system reference implementation of a wayland compositor for rbp a hex editor with support for large files a tool for delivering news from rss feeds to your email program roundcubemail integration for owncloud netvirt is an open source network virtualization platform (nvp). a heavily multi-threaded pcm player that tries to excercise the alsa library and driver quite a bit simple and secure http server for qt applications open source 2d acceleration driver for nvidia cards lightweight headless squeezebox emulator rocm platform runtime: rocr a hpc market enhanced hsa based runtime automation tool for listening to music on youtube tools to work with android .dex and java .class files, git version eve online skill monitor pulse glass cursor theme utilities and libraries to handle elf object files and dwarf debugging information a budgie applet for taking and uploading screenshots to imgur and imagebin. implementation of the stringprep, punycode and idna specifications (mingw-w64) a cli tool to uncompress apple's compressed dmg files to the hfs img format format file modes like the ls -l command does official low-level client for elasticsearch (version 1.6) game based on the sonic the hedgehog universe. ros - message and service data structures for interacting with gazebo from ros. keeps track of every video you watch on kodi. unofficial trello desktop app a cli utility, which quickly checks multiple folders for new mail an ide primarily designed for c# and other .net languages - built from git sources. warning: building this package will require you to download >500 mb worth of data. an educational tool for designing and simulating digital logic circuits the swiss army knife of python web development (git python2 version) loader plugin for the pure programming language, purr-data version crypt::dh using gmp directly does your code require newer perl than you think? basis bbx progression pro/5 business basic extended for bbj stanford network analysis platform (snap) is a general purpose, high performance system for analysis and manipulation of large networks. openstack swift storage backend for django attiny usb bootloader with a strong emphasis on bootloader compactness a fast and accurte part-of-speach tagger for python 3 based on the averaged perception. for use with textblob kick devices off your network by performing an arp spoof attack. ms exchange integration through exchange web services ros related plugins for qt creator library that generates loops for scanning polyhedra a web-based user account administration interface a virtual network service for openstack - hyper-v plugin a modern groupware client based on qtquick and sink the ttf font used in the fate core rulebook free russian sans-serif fonts by astra a tool that will normalize the xml and other data inside of a ufo. ocaml bindings for libaacplus provide access to can interfaces on a machine via a network interface. unix command line queue utility a simple container intended for use as an ioc container. python proto files for pokémongo a simple multi-channel audio mixer (psp) a free vocal synthesis system --- utau compatible engine utilities for the ktx texture format extends ruby's string class and adds a 'to_slug' method. it makes ugly strings url friendly. json manipulation in c including reading, writing and validation idtech4 es2.0, aka oliver's doom, aka omcfadde's doom (egl rendering version) a high-level language for numerical computation and visualization, dummy package jobber brother dcp-l2540dn cups drivers. next generation config management. a python interface to sendfile(2) ros - a collection of .mk include files for building ros architectural elements. a german female voice for the mbrola synthesizer gui to manage devices connected a nut server a 3d sci-fi alien shooter (game sold separately) a simple screenshot, screencast, and file upload tool with s3 support a cross-platform application and ui framework (mingw-w64) a suid helper to let a process willingly drop privileges on linux. an audio player wich can find similar songs in your library ip routing utilities with selinux support autoclose, insert or delete brackets, parens, quotes in pair a cover designer for home-made discs control the http referer on a per-site basis mini run program kimageformats remote gstreamer debugger experimental dns blocking from spotify adkiller a systemd service for shutting down your plusberrypi with the power button. provides a set of easy to use chart components a free 2d zelda fangame. the music player for music lovers miscellaneous system utilities for linux, with loop-aes support a microbenchmark support library, by google tomorrow theme for vim ros - messages for (camera) view controllers. a free, open source, and cross-platform media player (git version with all possible libs) the gnome settings daemon with an additional patch to change gnome dpi settings from 96 to 120 dpi. a programming language running on cpython vm small wayland tiling compositor based on libweston universal command line interface for amazon web services awscli a qt based logic analyzer gui for sigrok. (git version) brother hl-2240d cups driver gstreamer multimedia framework good plugin libraries p2p decentralized digital currency with fast confirmation and no central issuer (daemon) django recaptcha form field/widget integration app a cycle/bus accurate emulator for sega's 8-bit game consoles (master system, gamegear, sg-1000) automatic arch linux upgrade khronos group opencl 1.2 installable client driver (icd) loader python module for performing basic dense linear algebra computations on the gpu using cuda tiny web-based mastodon client for your desktop 中国大陆 ip 不走 vpn python image viewer with vim-like keybindings. git-version latex class for homework assignments. sysvinit compat for systemd with selinux support file/cgi web server on warp simulation of infectious spreading edb (evan's debugger) is a binary mode debugger with the goal of having usability on par with ollydbg. git version a browser designed to open safe:// websites on the safe network. a bookmark plugin a small utility to hide the mouse pointer with x.org (x11) command line tools around interactive brokers tws api canon ij printer driver (mg5200 series) a plugin to connect to steam friends/steam im (purple plugin). lightweight, easy to configure dns forwarder and dhcp server plasma 5.7 breeze sddm theme ziftrcoin is an experimental new digital couponing system - qt contemporary typeface simulate a lifeform in the terminal low level core library (mingw-w64) eclectic, accidental-text font with wedge serifs. material design icons by google network wait connection ready protein sequence alignment program python to debian source package conversion utility a tool for managing secrets convenience code for dealing with systemd-nspawn machines a lightweight battery monitor in c. uroboros program with 100 programming languages (50 language branch) canon scanner driver (for mp230 series) kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. a service seeding the torrent root filsystem for pxe boot protocol plugin (prpl) for libpurple, this plugin provide netsoul im protocol adminer skins madgraph pythia8 interface a free text editor for developers a braindead simple and filesystem agnostic defrag script vim, the text editor. cli version and gtk2 gui providing majority of features. python interface for imagemagick library (python 2 build) kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-mainline kernel a collection of routines used to create png format graphics files (32-bit, 1.5 branch) scheme library for the book structure and interpretation of classical mechanics. lxqt notification daemon and library. the open source cross platform whatsapp library powering wazapp a cross-platform password manager. library to mix shell scripting with haskell programs a tool to visualize tree of widgets in a qt application jump to custom directories in terminal firmware for legacy broadcom b43 wireless networking chips add contextual fetches to dbi an advanced and feature rich package manager frontend apache kafka client a video downloader with qt gui (currently only youtube and vimeo are maintained) ip to location data file qqwry.dat a dns debugger stellar data set for starplot from yale bright star catalog, 5th rev. ed., hoffleit, 1991. a general-purpose preprocessor with customizable syntax, suitable for a wide range of preprocessing tasks postgresql modules for php a classical latin male voice for the mbrola synthesizer a posix compliant shell that aims to be as small as possible, statically linked to musl libc squid proxy native log analyser and reports generator ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. amd/ati drivers. utilities and libraries (32-bit) gesture-recognition application for x11. perl javascript::packer cpan module g.729 codec for asterisk open source pbx java application launcher for arch linux go implementation of json schema, based on ietf's draft v4 the amazon ec2 container service (amazon ecs) command line interface (cli) provides high-level commands to simplify creating, updating, and monitoring clusters and tasks from a local development environment. make your classes pluggable a small utility which allows users to overclock nvidia based video cards. a high reliable python library nintendo64 emulator (git version) an icon theme from the numix project with a glossy design fast, accurate python geohashing library a powerful, beautiful, and simple podcast client for the modern free desktop. a lightweight speech synthesis engine (cmu-us-rms library) standalone tools for clang: syntax checking, formatting, refactoring, etc. a tabbed extension for rxvt-unicode with several enhancements a library for writing native unix bbs doors. parental controls plug for switchboard provides the framework for using the prelude system emacs interface to pgp and gnupg external preprocessor and pre-compiler for sds-c (by an-d.cz) free peer-reviewed portable c source libraries - compat version interactive 3d viewing program for unix swi-prolog for sharing: a swi-prolog web ide integrated with the cplint suite utility to move the focus between windows following cardinal directions python package to manipulate healpix maps ext2/3/4 filesystem access library (for nintendo gamecube/wii homebrew development) older version of xml parsing library for java a collection of useful lpeg patterns character creation tool for splittermond dwarf fortress preloaded with phoebus tileset interactive graph (network) visualization a slender monospace typeface. shape: default. api gateway and management platform diffing pdf files visually or textually a better places cinnamon applet modify android dex/apk files at source-level using java an xps documents library cross-platform javascript library designed to simplify the client-side scripting of html a cross-platform c# ide by jetbrains. a port to qt4 of neil hodgson's scintilla c editor class (mingw-w64) ros - a collection of .mk include files for building ros architectural elements. a configurable set of panels that display various debug information about the current request/response. cross platform remote gui for the transmission daemon the pantheon video player open-source productivity booster with a brain. a miniature web server for reading pod in web browsers kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-bfq-mq kernel gnu radio dab (digital audio broadcasting) module installs one or multiple grml isos on an usb device - contains grml2iso lib/io/stty.pm gulden cryptocurrency (binaries) c11/c14 multiplatform utility library (git version) epson printer driver (ep-976a3) read and write image data from and to tiff files easy companion for mooltipass device openbsd fork of calmwm, a clean and lightweight window manager web-based irc client - official community fork of shout register qemu-static interpreters for various binary formats the official arch shadow package with debian's 506_relaxed_usernames patch command-line package manager used on debian-based systems an electron skype app designed for use on linux systems norwegian hyphenation rules in the dark and twisted cities of tomorrow, corporate syndicates compete for global dominance. viewer for ms *.evt log files ogdf is a self-contained c class library for the automatic layout of diagrams. ogdf offers sophisticated algorithms and data structures to use within your own applications or scientific projects. dracut module and conf file to enable anti evil maid support. x11 based lightweight menu application a simple window focus toggler xep-0313: message archive management for prosody brother mfc-7320 lpr printer driver a utility to manage and maintain kicad libraries with schematic symbols and footprints qt markdown editor extra themes for fvwm peksystray is a small system tray designed for all the light window managers supporting docking. command line based tool for windows portable executable pe32 file analysis trained language data for tesseract ocr engine vim support files for the scala programming language, from the official scala github repository cli and gui utility to control the lighting effects of your alienware computer written in python. fancy cartoon style font created by lacartoonerie.com. download the images you saved on reddit. color picker tool for deepin. cython syntax highlighting for gtksourceview an implementation of the xdg base directory specifications (32-bit). a ruby interface to the twitter api. an audio spectrum analyser in 3d for linux a llmnr, nbt-ns and mdns poisoner, with built-in http/smb/mssql/ftp/ldap rogue authentication server supporting ntlmv1/ntlmv2/lmv2, extended security ntlmssp and basic http authentication management plugin for certificates tool for visualization of heap operations an implementation of concurrency ideas from communicating sequential processes ros - this package provides a recovery behavior for the navigation stack that attempts to clear space by performing a 360 degree rotation of the robot. the vulcan logic dumper hooks into the zend engine and dumps all the opcodes (execution units) of a script. oracle java 6 runtime environment (public release - end of support) codec designed for interactive speech and audio transmission over the internet (git master) fantasy point-and-click adventure game with comedic elements (aka lure of the temptress) - multi language gstreamer multimedia framework ugly plugin libraries, lib32 a symlink to link the android-sdk and android-ndk aur packages. javascript that turns a layered inkscape svg image into a presentation compiles freetype2 .so files and puts them in the openoffice/libreoffice directory to fix font ugliness a library for working with lidar data - runtime library cut a mp3 file according to a cue file a git credential helper interfacing with pass, the standard unix password manager a bible study tool -- git version c library for filtering touchscreen events build2 package manager lua html5 parser and dom api orders from jimmy john's via command line, inspired by xkcd 149 trained language data for tesseract ocr engine sourcery g lite 2011.03-95 for mips (target) gnu/linux(target-kernel) traitlet types for numpy, scipy and friends. lxi library a unix batch system where the tasks spooled run one after the other ros - this package provides an implementation of a 2d costmap. media player for use on htpc media centers. a lean & mean statusline for vim that's light as air. a tool that lets you change the nfs server settings as well as manage the directories you want to share per nfs from your computer. example netctl profile for eduroam at kth weather app for the terminal a gtk utility for computing message digests or checksums (development version). - thunar filemanager plugin pandacoin -- rethinking cryptocurrency (git version) a dynamic terminal-based menu inspired by dmenu written in python without dependencies with an optional mru ordering which could also be used as an application launcher and ctrlp alternative. russian translate for xtrkcad program. a live network emulation tool, originally designed for testing networking protocols, and since then used for a variety of applications including bandwidth management. fixedsys font for linux, use only at 12pt console client for xmms2 lightweight xml tree builder an input event router for linux pseudo-tty handler for docker python client a tactical turn-based game based on the battle isle series help the super methane brothers to capture baddies with your gas gun a hierarchical yaml python config a forensics framework coming with command line and graphical interfaces. per directory history plugin for zsh json for modern c ros - the formatters here simply format various input types to a specified text format. openjdk java 8 full runtime environment with infinality patch applied ros - random walker app for kobuki. driver for realtek ethernet chips with aspm enabled for power saving quest for glory 1: so you want to be a hero calculates tariff-kilometres for subscription tickets for db regio. upstream name: entfernungsrechner für fahrvergünstigungen. a cython interface to the hidapi from https://github.com/signal11/hidapi for python 2 mic kernel module of intel® manycore platform software stack ruby binding for the proj.4 carthographic projection library ros - a ros driver for the sick tim series of laser scanners. fully automatic syntax highlighting for any grammar an irc bot framework installs vpn profiles for private internet access service gobject-based gui toolkit with optionally enabled csd interactive disassembler for x86/arm/mips. generates indented pseudo-code with colored syntax code. a high-level language for numerical computation and visualization support for export of spool files and data files in tn5250j a teeny python library for creating python dicts from protocol buffers and the reverse. useful as an intermediate step before serialisation (e.g. to json). checks if digital certificates in x.509 format have expired. ros - this provides an eigen implementation for ecls linear algebra. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine an event system based on the talloc memory management library (lib32) ddracenetwork, a mod of teeworlds front-end for openmsx: the msx emulator that aims for perfection. light-weight, simple and fast xml parser for c with xpath support gnu portability library meta programming utilities for c14 a plugin for rofi that emulates top behaviour. fork of the joe text editor. jupp is "the editor which sucks less" jpeg image compression (mingw-w64) tex/latex writing environment for emacs - git checkout react specific linting rules for eslint climate is the ultimate command line tool for linux find related people and commits on a set of changes pass bash output to systemd-cat print x idle time allows to swap the fn key and left control key on macbook pro and apple keyboards in gnu/linux (dkms) easily maintain remote web sites to keep them synchronized with the local site with a single command. ros - this planner attempts to find a legal place to put a carrot for the robot to follow. a virtual network service for openstack - nec plugin agent flann is a library for performing fast approximate nearest neighbor searches in high dimensional spaces ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. gnome display manager with plymouth support. perl/cpan module moosex::attribute::env: set default of an attribute to a value from %env switchboard user accounts plug none command line utility for managing digitalocean infrastructure combines two pdf files into one while taking the pages alternating from one and the other file (shuffling them into each other). containes a variant reversing the second file before combining. a powerful make alternative downloads video from stream.cz a multi-functional, command-line twitter client plugins for additional image formats: tiff, mng, tga, wbmp (apple-darwin) a high speed, small footprint parser for extracting class/interface/method definitions from source files complete with javadoc @tags simple but very fast grep pastebin upload context menu in nemo report exceptions with formatted text call-stack a multi-platform game development library (legacy version) design patterns for gpu computing interactive proof assistant for higher order logic pidgin plugin that adds tray icon using libappindicator a set of objects for performing math operations on font data. static site generator solidpython: openscad for python the gnu compiler collection for multilib (6.4.x) additional completion definitions for zsh celestia plugin for m42 (the orion nebula) client for billing system bgbilling 5.1 git command to automatically pull locally github pull requests a suite of tools written in _python to solve automatic numerical differentiation problems in one or more variables. cas library for php ham radio dx-cluster client a gem that configures gettext for internationalization. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-7460dn summoning wars is an open source role-playing game, featuring both a single-player and a multiplayer mode for about 2 to 8 players. a simple daemon to notify about new lichess.org games ros - underlying data libraries for roscpp messages. collection of minimalistic plasmoids which look like awesome wm widgets (ex-pytextmonitor) adds cache support to your flask application shapely is a bsd-licensed python package for manipulation and analysis of planar geometric objects. insight3d lets you create 3d models from photographs websocket library for python discrete wavelet transforms in python gnustep vector editor for eps, dxf, gerber, hpgl. includes docs and examples. fast audio loudness (replaygain / r128) scanner & tagger generate nt hash - git checkout runs in backgroud and changes gnome backgroud to nasa picture of the day. c library to evaluate poker hands a complete api for opendocument in python. python 2.x support nautilus plugin for opening terminals in arbitrary local paths and on ssh servers the qt installer framework used for the qt sdk installer (examples and documentation) selinux module tools a command-line tool for managing wordpress alternative regular expression module, to replace re. a tiny but valid `init` for containers parameterized testing with any python test framework mozilla's zilla slab type family a scripting extension for netwm compliant window managers google spreadsheets python api tool to do abc/hr or abx blind tests on audio files an audio-visual exploration game (humble bundle version) wine qq international by deepin. emerald window decorator cross compile qt for the raspberry pi1 a source code analysis framework (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.4/) install the openrc startup script from the official openrc git repo a gopher server written in bash high perf cpu miner ros - c implementation of bond, a mechanism for checking when another process has terminated. ros - components of moveit that offer visualization. advanced regex search of pacman repositories. object-relational mapper framework (part of rails). qt5 oracle oci sql plugin. a node.js-style module system for glsl! ktap kernel module, userpace tool and vim plugin similar to numpy arrays, but optimized for small sizes coin miner using cuda for nvidia gpus. ros - euslisp ros message and service generators. a self monitoring application designed to run on raspberry pi a random password generator for linux. openuri patch to allow redirections between http and https open phd guiding - phd2 astrophotography autoguiding tool classes for making qt applications scriptable. provided for qt 4.x compatibility (mingw-w64) quota - perl interface to file system quotas box0 studio is the common instruments software for box0 clustering views for multi-view stereo. an implementation of idna 2008 and tr46 a graphical filemanager for d64 files (commodore 64 and others) python implementation of the sane api (using ctypes) and abstration layer. cross-platform audio output library (mingw-w64) bittorrent library with a focus on high performance and good code, with ipv6 support airvpn client "eddie" based on openvpn, stable version. dxt compression library (mingw-w64) asciidoc website builder - build a website using asciidoc markup a free toolkit for parser development, lexical analysis, regular expressions and more. show upgrades since recent -syu libfreenect2 binding for ros. a wii/gamecube emulator (melee/project m) free dlna media server fonts based on the original gentium design with more extended latin glyphs (unicode 5.1), archaic greek symbols, and full extended cyrillic script support camlistore (content-addressable multi-layer indexed storage) is your personal storage system for life. small build system with a focus on speed taint-aware, xml-ish data serialization nice tools for dm-writeboost virtual bookshelf browser for the terminal free implementation of the german card game skat in java. jack-audio-connection-kit support for flash easily create signed pacman package repositories. a scgi library for perl 6 tomtom sports connect ros - qt_gui provides the infrastructure for an integrated graphical user interface based on qt. colorized ls on steroids a collection of latency testing tools for the linux(-rt) kernel header files and scripts for building modules for linux kernel (git version) header files and scripts for building modules for linux-bfq-mq kernel a general multi-lingual speech synthesis system. with hts compatibility and gcc 4.7 patches to support hts 2.1 voices. a multi-threaded, user space file server that speeks 9p2000.l extension for gthumb to support openexr create rpm-metadata formatted package repositories themes from muhri.net for gkrellm lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-290c printer ros - usb video class camera driver. tikz extension for sphinx. application launcher for linux starbound player save editor and python library a set of over 40 weather icons a c utility library vpn configuration tool for astrill's servers ncurses based jabber, gadu-gadu, tlen and irc client apertium-tolk is a program that translates as you type, using apertium an openbox menu builder. a checkpoint/restore functionality for linux in userspace. securely transfer data between computers kink is a prototype-based functional language on the jvm. the goal of the language is easy and elastic programming with handful number of simple mechanisms. a simple planetary hours program hierarchical inventory backend for configuration management systems (salt, ansible, puppet) ldap schema for fusiondirectory dovecot plugin kinfocenter a command line tool to turn images into ascii art a graphical client (qt5) for the x2go system python wrapper for tshark, allowing python packet parsing using wireshark dissectors a set of command-line scripts that automate common tasks in transmission drivers and libraries for the xbox kinect device on linux reports file access events from all running processes. command line argument parser library, like getopt, except better. java version peer-to-peer vpn sophisticated text editor for code, html and prose, development build with traditional chinese translation and fcitx input method support perl interface for libcurl ros - roslaunch is a tool for easily launching multiple ros nodes locally and remotely via ssh, as well as setting parameters on the parameter server. cli for the surge.sh cdn lightweight internet radio player gnu c library kernel module support files for the zettabyte file system. python ide for eclipse (stable stream) pulseaudio command-line mixer like amixer regularised likelihood optimisation: employs an empirical bayesian approach to refinement of 3d reconstructions or 2d class averages in electron cryo-microscopy archive manager for the xfce desktop environment (git checkout) multipath tools for linux (including kpartx) lastpass command line interface tool (git version) easily create and use virtualenvs via script and provides the ability for an application to install and use its runtime dependencies on first import a simple dynamic dns client based on inadyn ros - a set of tools and interfaces extending the capabilities of c to provide a lightweight, consistent interface with a focus for control programming. common utilities for jupyter-contrib projects command-line tool for dumping a couchdb/pouchdb database to a file perl module for building ipv4 and ipv6 address space hierarchies a powerful pacman frontend using qt5 libs command line client for toggl timekeeping spiffy builds a binary spiffs image for you to write_flash to a esp8266 runing nodemcu so you can get all the files onto your cool iot device in one fell swoop. (git-version) python library to open and read epub version 2 archives. apertium language data for the afrikaans-nederlands (dutch) translator. a fork of blender3d's theme unofficial instagram desktop app basque hunspell dictionary a python library for reading, writing and modifying bitmap fonts in bdf format notification backend for jira webhooks to jabber pyside lupdate, rcc, and uic development tools (for python 3) tibble: an upgraded data frame class. less with syntax highlighting python library to read tiled map editor's tmx maps automatic book downloading via nzbs & torrent gruvbox color scheme for vim-airline moksha rain module built from git sources uwsgi plugin for integration with the c-ares async dns library a nixie tube style clock for x. parallel visualization application using vtk (built using superbuild system) sat>ip server, tested with dvb-s, dvb-s2, dvb-t, dvb-t2, dvb-c, dvb-c2, atsc and isdb-t cards (experimental) virtual etherdrive(r) blade aoe target cryptocurrency miner and mining pool (console version) ubiquiti aircontrol2 beta for controlling airos devices yet another japanese dependency structure analyzer interactive unigine benchmark: walk through a lab of a lone professor moksha slideshow module built from git sources scientific tools for python - built with openblas firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - chinese (simplified) run jasmine specs for gjs code jpeg image codec with accelerated baseline decoding and superior encoding - installed under /opt jack midi arpeggiator with transport and tempo sync brother dcp-l2540dn lpr drivers. launch an independent process from a shell sed, awk, cut, join, and sort for name-indexed data such as csv and tabular json. virtualhere usb server for linux desktop oslo rootwrap - a root escalation wrapper for openstack sms gateway which can send and receive messages through gsm modems and mobile phones fortune quotes from darkwing duck homegear plugin for homematic bidcos communication an open source 68k macintosh emulator misti's fonts (ttf) a library for multiplying polynomials over the binary field (mingw-w64) back up the local pacman database when it changes generate fortune cookies from wikiquote nextstep emulator ontology language and toolkit for semantic processing of scientific data discover server for the syncthing p2p synchronization utility fuse-based file system for http access a python module which provides an interface to libuv. parse linux sdk a small printer daemon intended for diskless workstations that passes jobs directly to the printer gtk2 patched with null-check to prevent use-after-free in gdk_window_add_filter. celestia addon: spacecraft: earth orbit: international space station gnome shell extension, random walls, for automatically change your desktop and lockscreen background randomly. ros - an rqt-based tool that assists monitoring tasks for moveit! motion planner developers and users. this script allows amarok to play music from subsonic servers. a fork of libjpeg-turbo with jpgcrush built in. various extra foils for mse. this one is the ribbon object gradient. none ambiance & radiance colors suite for unity, gnome classic, mate, xfce, lxde and openbox desktops a virtual network service for openstack - ml2 plugin transparent subrequest-based caching layout for arbitrary nginx locations (module for mainline nginx) tbs linux open source drivers (dkms) client server backup system gtk utility to awake machines using the wake on lan. platform and api toolkit to transfer existing content into the fbx format, extensions. text editor for programmers (gtk front-end) collection of libraries and applications implementing large parts the dicom standard open source implementation of the java servlet, javaserver pages, java expression language and java websocket technologies. tklib specializes in utilities for gui programming. easily write objects that delegate behavior tools to pop/peek lines from the head/tail or known position within a given file, and output to stdout. makes files into queues! linux system deployment management monitor your keyboard led [c] (unmaintained) cmake module to speed up builds. by fully automating techniques like precompiled header usage and single compilation unit builds for c and c free, open and private browser with opensuse's patches for better integration with kde nginx amplify agent sprite sheet creator and image optimizer a commandline tool to adjust srt's time stamp. emoticon filter of msn messenger python wrapper for telldus' home automation library. bufferedtokenizer extracts token delimited entities from a sequence of arbitrary inputs. documentation for garlic command line tools based on osux-lib a fuse filesystem that provides posix functionality, a modern equivalent to umsdos bulgarian language pack for firefox beta sans-serif typeface commissioned by google set unsplash wallpapers with colorschemes stardict japanese-multilingual dictionary: english to japanese. simple and elegant theme for fbsplash a simple terminal emulator based on the vte library the bsltl package is a free collection of octave/matlab routines for working with the biospeckle laser technique. assembled tenforflow library for computation using data flow graphs on gpu. memo: a cli note taking application. a small and lightweight command line based text editor. generate pd gui abstractions from faust programs radiusplugin for openvpn adds before, after and around functions to modify class methods similar to p5 moose the linux-zen-flipdone kernel and modules small vector library memoisation of functions library providing a more convenient use of datetimes library for encoding h264/avc video streams (8bit depth) (git) python client for influxdb free software application for managing chords/lyrics and presenting lyrics. great for worship leaders and musicians. c/c ide -- write and run programs. insert statements, idioms, comments etc. bitcoin core headless p2p node an easy to use screencast creator. development version. set of utilities for use with gnu ddrescue to aid with data recovery an advanced molecular editor designed for cross-platform use in computational chemistry, molecular modeling, bioinformatics, materials science, and related areas. desktopnotifications plugin for zarafa webapp fast math parser library (32 bit) adds a contrast adjustment layer to your image to help fix contrast problems. lists or removes packages from the last n reboots. good for cleaning up after experimenting with new programs. command line tool to print text or graphic labels on brother p-touch printers like pt-2430pc gif encoder based on libimagequant (pngquant, gifquant?). squeezes maximum possible quality from the awful gif format lightweight cross-platform c clipboard library tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (pl) avogadro 2: graphical application a post processing utility for converting gcode to x3g minecraft is a sandbox game which allows players to build constructions out of textured cubes in a 3d world. generates true random passwords with the emphasis on security over pronounceability (debian version) a system for interactive visualization of large 5-d gridded data sets guile bindings for fuse (filesystems in userspace) as a shared library wedge this http proxy between your browser and tor universal typing tutor with single spaces after sentences in lessons. window navigator construction kit a general-purpose subtitle editor with ass/ssa support a full-featured and high-performance event loop (static library) remote control and programm behringer x32 consoles nero aac reference quality mpeg-4 and 3gpp audio codec a weighted finite state transducer (wfst) library and associated command line tools. command line utility to build and modify app container images (acis), the container image format defined in the app container (appc) spec. ptokax direct connect hub is a multi-platform server application for neo-modus direct connect peer-to-peer sharing network. lbx utility routines python library for validating python data structures. a gem for emojione glue to allow mounted rack applications to know where they're mounted. next generation of the python high-level scripting language (x32 abi) generates a basic structure for scalatra rest application and includes casbah for mongodb if you wish. open-source multiplatform supported program for playing tabletop card games over a network. an extremely simple udp tunnel based on kcp, git compile version crossplatform tool for grabbing screenshots of your desktop. tiny date, time diff calculator. navigate perl6 containers and perform tasks application framework in c for computational molecular biology and molecular modeling. xmpp gateway to irc ham radio - ncurses psk31 engine  min. ft847 cat info. git utilities -- repo summary, repl, changelog population, author commit percentages and more applet for kde plasma 5 showing a status of the servers defined by user. youdao console version - simple wrapper for youdao online translate (chinese <-> english) service api, as an alternative to the stardict console version(sdcv) - git version ocaml bindings to libcurl networking library a tool for monitoring webpages for updates scalable directory/file change notification linear algebra a fast and free real time mpeg audio layer 1, 2 and 3 decoding library and console player access and modify virtual machine disk image new generation algebraic specification and programming language (built by sbcl) microemacs/pk 4.0.15 customized by linus torvalds a audio player in gtk3 ocaml bindings for portaudio sits in kded and takes care of various bits of system integration like setting user to auto-away or handling connection errors multivariate normal and t distributions tetris attack-like puzzle game motif (transcription factor binding sites) discovery in sequences from coregulated genes of a single species ldap schema for fusiondirectory newsletter plugin irish language pack for firefox beta clean and expressive language for .net and mono fan control for dell laptops multiplatform music composition software gstreamer multimedia framework ffmpeg plugin a m17n keymap file for polytonic greek using beta code a tool to passivly check for updates on seasons, for proxer.me an open-source reimplementation of the famous x-com game (git-version) c and c file analyzer to determine which header enclusions can be removed while still allowing them to compile tui and cli client for the transmission daemon ros - roscpp_serialization contains the code for serialization as described in messagesserializationandadaptingtypes. ziftrcoin is an experimental new digital couponing system - rpc client convert to or from a csv stream a protocol plugin for remmina to launch a gtk webkit browser. fork of caffeine that maintains systray support. a beautiful persian font based on samim and vazir font. xs based css minifier pure language and library documentation an extensible framework that supports robust spatial indexing methods and sophisticated spatial queries. run programs when someone makes a connection to a specific port jabber.el: a minimal jabber client for emacs free software to draw sky charts, also known as cartes du ciel extend left box of the gnome shell top panel. gnu unifont glyphs, .hex format builds and distributes packages expanding templates off-file sharing plug for switchboard enigma puzzle game html documentation opsi deployment management for windows clients a rewrite of the node_ownership minetest mod with many new features. (mod for minetest) a library for working with lidar data - development headers remote assistant for linux console a library for a c program to receive or make json-rpc requests on tcp sockets (no http). antergos plymouth theme knowthelist the awesome party music player. mob framework mod (former animals mod) provides a framework for creating mobs in minetest c interface to photos organize your mouse types in libraries ros - this package holds the diagnostic messages which provide the standardized interface for the diagnostic and runtime monitoring systems in ros. three new templates for mercurial the tcl scripting language (x32 abi runtime) alsa wrappers for python 2 library to drive displays with built-in controllers serif font with a soft impression an asymmetric, encrypting filesystem for userspace gnome easy and fun comic editor xcwd is a simple tool that prints the current working directory of the currently focused window. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - punjabi (india) lightweight vte terminal emulator with colorscheme support (fork of tinyterm) qtwayland additions and qpa plugin the popular rocket arena gametype also for ut1999. this is the ambiance crunchy fluxbox theme manage multiple nodejs versions a tool to dump and visualize complex network configuration. a simple bash script for managing posix users and groups stored in a ldap directory test2, test::more, test::simple and test::builder perl modules for writing tests open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. epson printer driver (ep-906f, ep-806ab, ep-806aw, ep-806ar, ep-306) sinkin sans is a simple, pleasant, luxuriously proportioned and easy to read sans-serif. otf version. teamviewer quicksupport - all-in-one software for remote support and online meetings development environment compose - templating framework to help developers easily create and switch environments mate document viewer without caja dependency (gtk2 version) sdl port of dos arcade game c-dogs (aka "cyberdogs 2", development version) a bittorrent protocol implementation. (git version) ibus qt library and ibus qt input method plugin perl/cpan module text::pdf: module for manipulating pdf files a columnar tick database written in c and speaks json and sql the archlinux kernel and modules with a fix for baytrail max98090 sound a base class for creating plugin-enabled poe components. tools to compile the freedict dictionaries tool to extract audio data from mdf/mds audio cd images to wav or raw files scriptable in-place file editor c and c code counter, code metrics also for ada and java files x11 randr extension library. git version. video-subtitle-srt - manipulate srt subtitle files graphical process explorer for linux. circle icon theme from the numix project python 2 library to extract, clean, transform, hyphenate and get metadata for isbn strings (based on isbntools) simple web browser for gnome a lightweight system monitoring tool that uses rrd databases. qemu for foreign architectures unenigmail strips enigmails pgp encryption from emails within a supplied mbox file. an open-source, single-player, role-playing roguelike game set in the world of eyal. eve online next generation trade and market helper 3rd party dr.com client for hitwh small xml parser library (for nintendo gamecube/wii/wii u homebrew development) typora will give you a seamless experience as both a reader and a writer. elementary icon-theme with improved xfce support a music player for linux with low cpu usage ros - voxel_grid provides an implementation of an efficient 3d voxel grid. sphinx extension to include program output shell-guess - make an educated guess about the shell in use modern graphical system monitor, appindicator plugin memory hacking library for dwarf fortress and a set of tools that use it convert midi files to wav using vst plugins from the command-line a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtqml, qtquick) ros - module for working with rocon uri strings. none an assembler/disassembler for android's dex format versatile ncurses-based hex editor. a physics-based, steampunk puzzle-platform game fuse based filesystem for youtube (git version) tool aimed at helping malware researchers to identify and classify malware samples a useful set of utilities for interacting with a cloud a simple linux console client for pcloud cloud storage. bash script for listening internet radio via mplayer, controlled by the dialog program implements level 1 of w3's dom a small daemon to act on remote or local events a jupyter/ipython kernel for matlab the queueing package provides functions for queueing networks and markov chains analysis. this package can be used to compute steady-state performance measures for open, closed and mixed networks with single or multiple job classes. mean value analy [...] a clone of media player classic reimplimented in qt. an extension to support script enabled content (e.g. lua). calculate the width in pixels of a string using a given xft font an easy to use cli password manager utilizing the dchain encryption library h.264 video encoder and library, with custom patchset. minimalistic subway layout game xfce keyboard leds panel plugin a very small chinese lunar calendar can be used in cli, awesome-widgets or conky, based on lunar.this is a modified version. sand/burnt/bordered variations of dust several dropbox options like "puburl to clipboard" or start and stop the daemon. collection of lv2/ladspa/vst audio plugins for high quality processing. private and decentralized social network for file sharing and streaming read metadata (tags) of mp3, mp4, wma, ogg, flac and aiff files (python2 version) nothing too fancy, just some alien fruit salad to keep you in the zone embed dockbarx in the xfce4-panel xmpp client written in c with qt and swiften cmake modules required to build projects from shlomi fish libraries for the direct connect 4 linux (valknut) file sharing program pica pica is a distributed instant messaging software that employs strong cryptography for communication protection lattice ice40 fpgas bitstream documentation (reverse engineered) open cascade community edition: patches/improvements/experiments contributed by users over the official open cascade library. provides useful functions commonly found on bsd systems allows the creation and modification of tex diagrams written using the pgf/tikz macro library quick and fuzzy directory jumper. xamarin implementation of the microsoft build system the statistical analysis tool for git repositories. generic dynamic ffi package prevents you from committing secrets and credentials into git repositories usb floppy disk format utility ros - assorted filters designed to operate on 2d planar laser scanners, which use the sensor_msgs/laserscan type. a linux kernel module that enables calls to acpi methods through /proc/acpi/call lightweight, execline-style tools to build restricted linux namespaces x11 x print library seahaven towers is a classic unix solitaire game updated with new card images. a pronounceable password generator plugin for keepass tiny emacs clone with configuring in femtolisp implementation of the host identity protocol (hip) for linux. hust online judge binaries greek language pack for firefox beta arsdk software abstraction layer the temporary missing glibc header file for x32 (stubs-x32.h) io::null - class for null filehandles a python wrapper for google tesseract libsixel provides and encoder/decoder implementation for dec sixel graphics, and some converter programs the first third-party instant messaging client for google hangouts major mode for editing opa-classic and opa-js programs a graphic binary analysis tool. check rdis-lua for some scripts that improve its functionality. face recognition with deep neural networks. hex-editor plugin that uses 010 templates to parse binary data using pfp. updates geoip with the free country- and city-databases by maxmind. a fast pipe/static menu generator for the openbox window manager (with icons support). two-factor authentication code generator for gnome a tool for document file format conversion simple https class using whichever underlying ssl module is available eyesight: an image viewing program a game to the openmovie sintel created by the blender foundation adds rackspace networks support to python-novaclient. a realtime log analyzer . security minesweeper game which will always produce puzzles that can be solved using logic. create animated sprites and pixel art dumps the the current state of a linux virtual console magi (coin magi - xmg) is a hybrid pow/pos-based cryptocurrency. magi is also a cpu coin. this is magid, the cli version of the magi wallet the gnubik program is an interactive, graphical, cube puzzle. kde volume control program xfce applications menu editor a java decompiler, inspired by ilspy and mono.cecil with this plugin, your vim comes to automatically opens popup menu for completions when you enter characters or move the cursor in insert mode. it won't prevent you continuing entering characters. tool for creating supermin appliances a collection of murrine gtk2 themes a tabbed pdf viewer using the poppler library. (development version) a linux console text editor for the masses. a collection of ofl-licensed fonts from sil (abyssinica, andika, annapurna, apparatus, charis and more) a small and lightweight implementation of the xdg sound theme specification a breeze dark skin for yakuake (kde4) a desktop tool for browsing, decrypting, and extracting different versions of backup data in hyper backup repositories pythonic interface with root on top of the existing pyroot bindings python asyncio imap4rev1 client library celestia addon: earth: surface map textures: earth without water 2 crt monitor calibrator utility for linux vt qt5/opengl sdr and signal analyzer frontend for airspy, bladerf, hackrf, rtl-sdr, sdrplay and funcube pycddlib is a python wrapper for komei fukuda's cddlib. regular expression library for lua - tre version provides many ibus-table based keyboards, including emoji and ipa/x-sampa ros - transmission interface. gui wrapper of gnu coreutils sha1sum gtk2::ex::listmodelconcat -- concatenated list models offline cppreference documentation for devhelp. numix style for fluxbox a cute and addictive action-puzzle game drawing dimensioning workbench for freecad digipen freshman game - showcase in igf 2012 distributed checksum clearinghouse spam tool a tiling window manager based on binary space partitioning fast-paced multiplayer first-person shooter (data files only). a free and open-source mmorpg server emulator written in c a gtk/pango-based terminal that uses libvterm to provide terminal emulation. manipulate fasta and fastq files. cups driver for the brother dcp-9020cdw c linear algebra library (mingw-w64) svn version of a text-based client to the powerful mpd music server a software for visualizing molecular interaction networks and integration with gene expression profiles and other state data. the modern mail handler pulse-eight's libcec for the pulse-eight usb-cec adapter a web server that you can launch instantly in any directory. re-connectable tcp connection. includes only the client. ros - basic diagnostic_aggregator tests are in the. jump back to a specific directory, without doing a free, light-weight system monitor for x with lua enabled for arch based distros user friendly shell intended mostly for interactive use. web front-end for borg mercurial gui front end a system monitor for mate (gtk3 version) ros - python implementation of bond, a mechanism for checking when another process has terminated. synchronize watching movies on mplayer2, vlc, mpv, and mpc-hc on many computers graphical user interface toolkit for x modified by giac/xcas' author definitions for project-generator a library to manipulate pictures metadata a tool to create and to view anaglyph stereo images and to display the left and right image on output devices another class and object builder a low-level cryptographic library (32-bit, legacy version) a zukitwo theme for kde4 library for using the wireless capabilities of the nintendo ds for homebrew development pyqt5 documentation. a titling font by fabio corubolo owncloud notes app qt5 based irc-client, compiled without kde4 support - git version apwal is a simple application launcher for linux together with a powerful editor. a set of tools to keep your pinned python dependencies fresh. code for anisotropies in the microwave background language packs for psi-git puzzle game to assemble segments of a picture into their positions. libretro implementation of pcsx rearmed. (playstation) eterm's root background setter, packaged separately. an experimental first-person adventure, strongly driven by a fractured narrative (game sold separately) zsync build against libcurl to support https cif/star file support for python a scientific report generator and literate programming tool for python. perl/cpan module mail::imapclient : an imap client api ros - a rviz view controller featuring smooth transitions. gnome2 icon theme pysnip is an open-source python server implementation for the voxel-based game 'ace of spades'. cpu jitter based random number generator an open source solution for working with mime messages and internet messaging services like imap, pop or smtp. a typewriter-like font. support for kunststoff look and feel in tn5250j an easier way to parse cli options for bash scripts automates maintenance of aur python packages subcommand to show result of macro expansion and `#[derive]` expansion plugin for vapoursynth: vine (git version) the ren'py visual novel engine sdk jforex demo trading client for dukascopy europe show hebrew date in gnome-shell panel simple webserver which serves the ics calendar file from fh aachen campus ros - standalone python library for generating ros message and service data structures for various languages. next generation secure network tunnel - git checkout doom environment for openai gym boot performance graphing tool a population genetics software. a cpu/mem/swap/network monitoring client for g15daemon. ham radio psk31 engine using x/gtk trained language data for tesseract ocr engine common development macros for mate (gtk3 version) converts nroff man pages to html an abstract workflow assistant for git security plugin for unionpay online pay common c routines used by gtk 2.4 and other libs (x32 abi) run command on linux with resources limited. a d-bus service which runs odd jobs on behalf of client applications experimental fork of tidy for html5 documents (bbatsche fork) fast indexed python html parser which builds a dom node tree, providing common getelementsby* functions for scraping, testing, modification, and formatting an open source downloader for gog.com games, uses the gog.com api a lightweight html renderer/editor widget for gtk3 pantheon polkit agent multivariate normal distribution clustering and utility functions. ansible minor mode for emacs mpris2 support for mpd a tool to tidy down your html5 code to a clean style command line clients for shet, written in c. mach64 drm module aur tab completion for yaourt and apacman using zsh. the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. metaio data::password - perl extension for assessing password quality qt markdown editor graphical simulator, assembler and debugger for the intel 8085 microprocessor an x status bar program ros - diagnostics. ros - slam_gmapping contains a wrapper around gmapping which provides slam capabilities. xslt 2.0 / xpath 2.0 and 3.0 / xquery 1.0 and 3.0 processor for java - home edition multimedia player for kde4 using mplayer as a backend desktop notifications for the mpv media player bluetooth service and lib for asus t200ta (and possibly other baytrail devices) the mate terminal emulator (gtk3 version) a cross platform zero configuration networking library for mono and .net. shows duplicate recordings plugin to add ruby language support to qtcreator ide. calibration tool for kinect one (kinect v2) in ros. pacman repository manager a tool for generating text-scanning programs - from git random library an implementation of well-known arduino ide for gnome the swift programming language debugger (lldb) and repl - preview release a document reader for markdown and html files ros - messages relating to the ros computation graph. a replacement for notify-send with replaces-id support and less dependencies virtphp is a tool to create isolated php environments. a library for bits of crypto ui and parsing (without gtk) a set of macro, pre-processors, and post-processors to use easily heirloom troff today. amd hsa kmt library (freedesktop) ceti-2 theme for openbox audio/midi multitrack sequencer tools to enable nvidia's prime. a mathematical programming language and a system for mathematical programming and optimisation of linear optimisation problems. tools for particle tracking c 98/11/14 manual pages for linux/macos input/output in external formats. a rule-based network traffic analysis java framework. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - lower sorbian extremely flexible web content filter. babelstone font for unicode tangut script characters iota reference implementation check whether a website is up or down algol to c translator graphical user interface for englab calculations platform a tool for automatically merging .pacnew files a simple gtk host for dssi plugins lite pure perl xml dom parser kit python modules to convert numbers to words. (python2 version) a portable c library for unit testing eplot ("easy gnuplot") is a ruby script which allows to pipe data easily through gnuplot and create plots quickly, which can be saved in postscript, pdf, png or emf files sphinx extension that automatically documents argparse commands and options. read and write stl 3d geometry files in both the ascii and the binary flavor a dot-patterned emoji font based on twemoji ocr the current window or desktop and make it browsable for the user x11 video extension wire protocol - git version high definition expansion comprehensive normal maps for minetest ros - this empty package allows to export rosbag migration rule files without depending on rosbag. redis caching module for mainline nginx dead simple asymmetric encryption tool for secure message exchange using libsodium. varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko a modern, beautiful and vivid re-imagination of the ambiance & radiance color gtk 2/3 themes. fltk based mixer program for use with alsa. optimized c library for secp256k1 ecdsa demonstrates the theory of convolution underlying engineering systems and signal analysis. mod loader for payday 2 allegro 4 glue library for dumb module player library a free data-modeling and data-architecture tool a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtx11extras) (5.1.x) fast, secure, and free web browser built for the modern web. parse and format rfc3339 datetime strings a collection of tools to view and listen to streaming baseball games from mlb.tv. ros - camera_calibration allows easy calibration of monocular or stereo cameras using a checkerboard calibration target. conversion of irc messages into intermediate representation access and modify level data from many different games simple pump.io client written in c and qt text mode box and comment drawing filter restore a damaged (truncated) mp4, m4v, mov, 3gp video ros - diagnostic_updater contains tools for easily updating diagnostics. geo sans light font header files and scripts for building modules for linux-tp-x1-carbon-5th kernel ip subnet calculator for python. i/o library for images produced by 2d x-ray detectors. music visualizer which uses 3d accelerated iterative image based rendering (git version) adaptation to sddm of kdm-theme-archpaint2 using breeze components an airy theme for the lightdm webkit greeter poly/ml implementation of standard ml (latest release  fixes) while the ksm service is only able to start and stop the ksm kernel thread, ksmtuned controls and tunes ksm according to the used memory of running qemu kvm instances. an open source real-time web log analyzer and interactive viewer ros - ros master implementation. python bindings for vlc premake extension to support ninja simple and easy to use game server browser a tool for finding polymorphisms in high throughput sequence data. a tool to set up hotcorners regardless of the wm or de in use named perspectives(set of buffers/window configs) for emacs encodes text to be safe in javascript bubbling load monitoring applet for the gnome panel cli tool for local development and testing of serverless applications a client-server file system implemented in fuse and developed to deliver software distributions onto virtual machines in a fast, scalable, and reliable way. contextlib2 is a backport of the standard library’s contextlib module to earlier python versions computer aided translation (cat) suite supporting the xliff standard celestia addon: extrasolar: stars: 2010 exoplanets a firefox add-on designed to provide more control over the behavior of the sidebar. professional hdr creation program archive::any - single interface to deal with file archives record and share your terminal sessions, the right way a unit testing framework for c. an xml parser library written in c (x32 abi) german dictionary for wps office appends a message from stdin to an imap mailbox. a windowmaker dockapp to monitor cpu usage du with progress bar in pacman style perl french stemming rpn and algebraic scientific calculator a calculator similar to dc, but uses readline and shows the stack visually. 'unbless' perl objects c frontend for the qbe c compiler backend get sun rise and set times for any location on the globe newtek ndi sdk (needs registration at upstream url and manual download) the world's easiest way to create high-quality apis. a simple, dark, flat and slightly translucent theme. it uses symbols instead of changing the shape of the cursor. libappindicator patched to improve user experience under plasma 5 (single click activation via activate dbus method) ros - rospy is a pure python client library for ros. installs vpn profiles for private internet access service a tool to manage furniture in sweet home 3d the inworldz whip distributed asset server a font by john stracke, based on the typeface used in a 1743 english translation of montaigne's essays. arx fatalis game data from gog.com installer (for use with arxlibertatis) a pure python implementation of the otr encryption protocol. git version. configure and run dominions 4 as a headless server bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - fifo support for storage daemon epson printer driver (me office 650fn / stylus office bx320fn, tx510fn, tx515fn / workforce 310) the linux-surfacepro3 kernel and modules (git version) a tiny json parser and emitter for perl 6 on rakudo vim syntax highlighting for pseuco vpn over ssh russian locale for keepass kde frontend for x neural switcher (xneur) a simple fortune interface written in python tk. off-the-record messaging (otr) for the irssi irc client the classic, refined doom source port quick, simple command line backup tool a small and well balanced gm/gs soundbank for many styles of music. rust for i586 machines without sse2 (needs to be built on newer machines) brings back the ability to change the page which is shown when opening a new tab fast c metadata and tag reader for all common audio file formats tcl automated build system a kcm for configuring plymouth basic ruby os functions modern, legacy free, simple yet efficient vim-like editor - statically linked, self-extracting - git checkout compression library implementing the deflate compression method found in gzip and pkzip gui for the fancontrol script and systemd service manage fonctional newsletter an educational typing tutorial game starring tux a pvr application that downloads and manages your tv shows. sickbeard version with working kickass support a free japanese dictionary and study assistant ros - a set of plugins for publishing and subscribing to sensor_msgs/image topics in representations other than raw pixel data. a network tool designed to take advantage of some weakness in different network protocols a bittorrent client with multiple user interfaces in a client/server model (git version, 'develop' branch) pycarddav is a simple to use carddav cli client vortigo themes for audacious a minimalist http user agent cookie jar freedesktop.org message bus system with selinux support text output utilities python fastrpc library a simple password store using aes-256-cbc encryption via openssl (mingw-w64) python2's stdlib csv module is nice, but it doesn't support unicode. this module is a drop-in replacement which *does*. zero setup, cross platform desktop to smartphone transfer tool with gui - companion app for raccoon sardi is an icon collection for any linux distro with 6 different circular icons and 10 different kind of folders. cairo gauge to display values read from your pc proc::background - generic interface to unix and win32 background process management a loop-player and recorder, designed for live use. this library can be used as a module for fog or as standalone provider to use the google in applications. this extension simplifies the use of the video recording function integrated in gnome shell, allows quickly to change the various settings of the desktop recording. dxr3 and hollywood driver from uluckas repo a virtual network service for openstack - linuxbridge plugin agent templating framework for report generation universal parser generator for c and python a tool for parsing clipboard data into bibtex bibliographic database files getrusage(), s/getrlimit(), s/getpriority() a wxwidgets gui toolkit for python extract, clean, transform, hyphenate and metadata for isbns network audio system library ripole is a small program/library designed to pull out attachments from ole2 data files (ie, ms office documents) ros - mobile robot simulator http://rtv.github.com/stage. complete, modular, portable and easily extensible mitm framework header-only json library for modern c manage dynamic plugins for python applications osc injection/ejection from/to udp/tcp/serial for lv2 pulseaudio emulation for alsa shape functions, interpolation operators on dune reference elemements an ip network tool for generating geotargeted lists of ip addresses an url retrieval library (build against openssl-1.0) an open source binary package that adds png photo image support to tcl/tk. xamarin implementation of the microsoft build system a versatile softsynth plugin for the dssi soft synth interface support for using http/1.0 protocol with lwp. ros - rqt_console provides a gui plugin for displaying and filtering ros messages. jasper is an open source platform for developing always-on, voice-controlled applications. parse date strings into time values poc tool to brute force wps - external registrar pin of wlan access points dynamic kernel modules system (modified alpm hook to handle dependencies) - experimental a simple tool for creating call graphs of c programs python library to easily handle data structure, with a gtk binding seaweed-fs is a simple and highly scalable distributed file system, written on go. open source netflow probe a library to configure gaming mice phylogenetic reconstruction using infinite mixtures windowmaker dockapps in one window rime schema repository with extra methods installed (array30, scj6, stenotype, traditional wubi) rdma core userspace libraries and daemons perl package for easy dbi access from cgi::application the gnu compiler collection. bootstrap for toolchain building (m68k-elf) simple tool to automate downloading of podcasts gtk volume mixer applet that runs in the system tray. play alter aeon with sounds and other game enhancements. uses the tintin mud client. collection of minimalistic plasmoids which look like awesome wm widgets (ex-pytextmonitor) nis netgroups account management free game data files for doom gaming engines open h.265 video codec implementation ros - move_slow_and_clear. a graphical kismet client writtent in qt command line lightweight todo tool with readable storage , written in c a simple gui designer for the python tkinter module. for python2. a python-based hardware description language a set of common support code for medical imaging, surgical navigation, and related purposes. powerful circuit simulator developed by pes/eth zürich picasso shader assembler for 3ds homebrew tool to pair logitech devices to unifying receiver canon ij printer driver (for mp230 series) a upnp media renderer front-end for the music player daemon (mpd) pure common lisp anti-aliasing rasterizer http proxy written in go. cow can automatically identify blocked sites and use parent proxies to access a fast, lock-free, cross-platform c11 thread pooling library that is aiming to be lightweight and simple. cli reflector for mono based on ilspy udash project generator the extra brushes and patterns from ubuntu ros - this package defines messages for commonly used sensors, including cameras and scanning laser rangefinders. a typeface used in edward tufte's books (all types) various powerline patched fonts for the text console lldp daemon for unix web-based patch tracking system a c interface used to decode raw picture. kf5 frameworks branch (git version) a zdoom launcher using qt twitter realtime api client an efficient blocker for modern browsers. fast and lean. written from scratch. development through benchmarking. base module for translations of perl documentation a free program designed to generate normal, height, specular or ambient occlusion textures from a single image a tool for checking constructive proofs smooth fps with map editing, instagib, dm and ctf qt based gnusocial/status.net client - latest git revision gedit 3 plugin to go to the first character instead of the start of the line using home a lightweight ewmh taskbar, originally designed for echinus a simple monitor with alerts for unix/linux under the kiss philosophy. multiply and invert matrices squid connectivity plugin kalgan template and mule colour scheme for beamer presentations the world's most popular bittorrent client (wine version) inofficial latex2e reference manual in info format - spanish a library for working with netstrings iupac inchi utility curses-based user interface library. android google apis x86-64 system image, latest api powerful x86 virtualization for enterprise as well as home use hinted truetype inconsolata including a bold variant provided by googlewebfonts. a tool that helps people quickly access to their most commonly used folders in command line in some operation systems like linux,written in python3. toad: trainer of all data, the frog training collection alef is an open source multiscript web-font. pulseaudio system tray (a replacement for padevchooser gtk3 standalone version) allows the use of video wallpaper and lock screen. a library which provides the basic sigrok protocol decoders for dreamsourcelab hardware ruby libart2 bindings mail management base kde tools to monitor smart devices and mdraid health status build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) an inkscape extension that converts svg files to synfig animation studio (.sif) files. modified jp106 console keymap to change caps to ctrl a fast and scalable web platform by extending nginx with lua (with ldap auth support) a collection of sparse matrix libraries (32-bit) vector tile driven map design ros - ros master implementation. class::dbi::sweet - making sweet things sweeter a mud codebase developed by kalahn originally based on rom trezor communication daemon tunnels a tcp socket over a websocket connection odbc driver for snowflake database perl interface to the linode.com api lightweight x11 desktop panel for lxde metasploit gui front ened written in java uart-based dfu-util for quark mcus a pretty theme for latex beamer memoize methods invocation x11 xc-miscellaneous extension wire protocol - git version next generation configuration platform for xbee/rf solutions. transparent socks proxying library, with ipv6 support text interface for the mastodon social network free version of the ssh connectivity tools a python implementation of ewmh (extended window manager hints) window tiling for the win. a tiling window manager written in rust sql database administration tool open phpstorm:// urls in phpstorm. hashing library a keyword <-> tag sync utility for notmuch and offlineimap/gmail shakespeare to c transpiler forked from spl with fixes modular search for django. collection of three ncurses games. csokoban (sokoban), cmines (minesweeper) and cblocks (sliding-block puzzles). a software synthesis tool for developing implementations from sketches libtreadstone manipulates json and is used by hyperdex driver for the brother dcp-t500w wifi multifuncional printer pyephem provides scientific-grade astronomical computations a fast posix-compliant tape archiver firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - malayalam nonorthodox painting software experimenting with alternative ways of drawing xp-like theme for cinnamon pcre library for lua 5.1 recursively mkdir, like mkdir -p, but in node.js an avahi/zeroconf interface for pure a computer algebra package for lie group computations (compile only version) command-line interface to manage rackspace cloud resources a small c program for calculating sunrise and sunset times vim color scheme with high text readability and optimal visibility of every element. extra imports and modules for qbs tomorrow theme for qt creator. development version. pixel graphics in terminal with unicode braille characters a small command-line interface framework. automagically blocks websites of your choice. an xaw based mail program. a library for performing proximity queries on a pair of geometric models composed of triangles nvidia's opencl implemention for 'lib32-nvidia-utils-llb' wingpanel network indicator an easy-to-use, robust and highly configurable vpn (virtual private network) kernel module allowing to switch dedicated graphics card on optimus laptops, dkms version allows you to make screen casts of your terminal really easily. integrates with showterm.io for awesome sharability. a new approach to package dependency solving a powerful statically typed language for writing large programs in groups x.org evdev input driver - git version yet another upnp portmapper - a gtk frontend for miniupnpc program with a qt interface that converts gamepad/joystick events into key strokes and mouse actions in xwindows (svn-version) transmit and receive low-latency audio via udp unicast or multicast, using the opus codec. brother sane drivers for brscan3-compatible models web search engine software uses the echonest api to play and download music and videos a c rewrite attempt of the tint2 panel. watch for changes in block devices by checksumming on boot/resume and shutdown/sleep the llvm compiler infrastructure a musical instrument tuner parser generator for javascript a cross-platform open-source make system openscop library a standard font for coptic. bayesian tree inference apache cassandra nosql database 2.1.x trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a dockapp which displays a clock in 12/24h mode with alarm mode and 3 different lcd styles a flat icon theme composed from many open source icon projects script for downloading coursera.org videos and naming them android arm eabi v7a system image, api-19 fortune quotes from mr. sunshine a simple python 3.x command line menu system a sleek web based terminal emulator the gnome terminal emulator. git version python bindings for llvm auto-generated from the llvm-c api network security services for java (jss) is a java interface to nss (red hat version) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine australis was the code name for the current firefox theme, it aimed to make a great browser look awesome. now you can go one step further and also make it feel awesome to use! open sound system unix audio architecture a simple, elegant, monowidth font. pod::xhtml - generate well-formed xhtml documents from pod format documentation glibc plugin providing host name resolution via mdns (domainless allowed for .local) generate directory tree representation in different formats a python dict whos keys can be set both using attribute and item syntax a clock which uses the x on-screen display library a plasmoid to display led status in the kde panel, for wireless keyboards without leds selects the best installed json implementation available to python. citrix receiver for x86_64 (64bit) linux (icaclient) ros - package modeling the build-time dependencies for generating language bindings of messages. friendship bracelet pattern designer python module to make use of the federated libravatar avatar hosting service re-enables headphone jack after sleep/suspend resume on clevo w230ss command line tool for submitting files into 'dl' download ticket service drip is a launcher for the java virtual machine that provides much faster startup times than the java command. the drip script is intended to be a drop-in replacement for the java command, only faster. library and command line tool that visualises the flow of your python application. library for decoding nitro composer sound format (nscf) files integer-only, fully ogg vorbis compliant software decoder library (psp) tool for automatically upgrading d source code - git version a program suite for small-angle scattering data analysis from biological macromolecules freebasic compiler (development version) a app/service/deamon to control the raumfeld multiroomsystem via http-requests llvm (runtime libraries, installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.7/) a puzzle game about planning the train route for the world's most awkward space colony c api for qsi camera control and image capture via the usb interface a lightweight modelling language for software design. python binding for ucto, an advanced tokenizer (for nlp) courier unicode library epson printer driver (l110, l210, l300, l350, l355, l550, l555) this is a domain name manipulation library for ruby. it can also be used for cookie domain validation based on the public suffix list. ros - messages used by the gateway model. none the open source modelica suite - metapackage qt widgets for technical applications (mingw-w64) plasma applet written in qml for managing network connections most comprehensive openssl module in the lua universe for lua 5.1 a small little library that was created by pulling out some common code out of indicator-applet (gtk 3 library) goofys is a high performance amazon s3 backend filey-system interface a cross-platform irc framework written with qt. arsdk streaming library yet another snippet extension for emacs a 'vi' like editor for rust, written in rust. hack and slay game based on norse mythology a rust module and lexer for textadept a pure python backend for pyvisa short, simple, direct scripts for creating ascii graphical histograms in the terminal a multitrack sound editor for gnome 1 and 2 multitrack guitar tablature editor and player tabbed, vte-based terminal emulator a tetris game extended to 4 dimensions a german male voice for the mbrola synthesizer bring your .bashrc, .vimrc, etc. from your local workstation when you ssh into a remote box. single-file executable that provides a complete tcl and tk runtime (32 bits version) a library for the calculation of piecewise linear interpolations in n-dimensions with any number of masters. banish the mouse cursor when typing, show it again when the mouse moves. setuptools plugin for bzr create user templates from existing files server for the popular card game mau mau - development files zip archive generator for streaming purposes mplayer backend for phonon, the multimedia api of kde. (qt4 only) git version) nemo file emblems extension an optimized version of tightvnc a claimless python to c converter kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. browser app to control the openscopemz hardware nautilus front-end for rabbitvcs it's a module for calculate a aircraft's z.f.w. a make-like build utility based on lua a distribution of modules to handle locale codes ldap schema for fusiondirectory ipmi plugin a ctf framework and exploit development library. a little krunner plugin (plasma 5) to execute duckduckgo bangs in default browser turkish dictionary for aspell sophisticated text editor for code, html and prose, development build with fcitx input method support battery monitor dockapp for window maker mindomo is an online collaborative mind mapping, concept mapping and outlining software for visualizing and organizing information. 1969 chevrolet camaro z/28 car model for racer (cg version) by cosmo° gui for ocr programs (tesseract, gocr) a room acoustics analysis software for measuring and analysing room and loudspeaker responses a kiss, non-intrusive unit testing framework for c and c bash commander is the gnu bourne again shell extended with two-panel ofm file manager. a graphical threads-with-tags style, lightweight and fast, email client for notmuch, inspired by sup and others check abi compatibility between library versions git client with hg and svn support. preview version. set of css and html documentation. linux modified webcam capture software for astronomy. a leap motion desktop navigator for linux a chameleon theme for gnome shell which can change colors according to the current gtk theme, current wallpaper (uses imagemagick to get color) or a user defined color. a python module that provides read and write access to a wireless network card's capabilities using the linux wireless extensions. circumvent debian package dependencies quake ii - three wave capture the flag for yamagi-quake2 a hack to wmmixer which makes some changes to the display a free client/server multiplayer engine for the classic fps doom. an open-source software for evaluating seismic station performance and data quality. videolan movie creator, a simple and user-friendly video editor a flexible command-line scientific calculator ros - the core set of turtlebot app manager apps are defined in this package. fortune quotes from how i met your mother snmp exporter for prometheus (binary, not built from source) a tool for listening & downloading the music from social network vk.com c-implementation of coap the bloomberg api (blpapi) is a set of freely available software development kits (sdks) that allow software developers to create applications that consume market data. python sdk. rainicorn is a tool intended for use by rust ides. the official android ide (canary branch) autoscripting for python 3 all kind of addons to improve your plasma experience another unionfs implementation that supports nfs branches the berkeley db embedded database system 4.5 successor to the ladspa audio plug-in standard (mingw-w64) ibrary and tools to access the qemu copy-on-write (qcow) image format udev rules for particle photon / electron / core. appendable key-value storage script that recodes a spreadsheet's charset and saves as csv ros - the tf2_py package. project to package the swconfig utility from openwrt for archlinuxarm on bpi-r1 free and open traffic simulation suite which allows modelling of intermodal traffic systems including road vehicles, public transport and pedestrians. perl/cpan module dbix::class::uuidcolumns: implicit uuid columns peer-to-peer network based digital currency (includes both the qtclient and the headless daemon) a gimp plug-in to create voronoi patterns python2 django x-forwarded-for middleware. random systemd stuff i wanted packaged a keyboard configuration application for lxde provides additional thumbnailers for thunar. patched to support openraster softether vpn server manager comprehensive security and attack framework for android a flat design icon theme by hayder majid madscientist's jnc session manager professional workflow and raw conversion (3rd version) python libraries used by ipa client a tool for pokémon go to aid in transferring and evolving pokémon (binary) ros - the move_base package provides an implementation of an action (see the actionlib package) that, given a goal in the world, will attempt to reach it with a mobile base. an emulator for texas instruments calculators pam kwallet. reference implementation of a wayland compositor with eglstream support thunar front-end for rabbitvcs usbtransfer (usbaktarici) is a program for transfering popular linux distributions to usb drive. developed by oğuz kırat. a method to create a network bridge for odroid hardware a lightweight web framework emphasizing flexibility and rapid development. easy external redirects in cgi::application a tiny script to issue and renew tls certs from let's encrypt search and display iso codes for countries, languages, currencies, and scripts. ti character set conversion library sinhala language pack for firefox beta lexmark pro700 series printer driver drop-in replacement for prosodys internal dns library with a binding to libunbound programa oficial da receita para elaboração do irpf 700 google chromecast background images extension for cleaning formatting errors in libo files japanese truetype font obtained by mixing mgen and open sans a python module for converting strings into unicode playing cards the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. an (deprecated) alternative to data::dumper and storable. fxload firmware loader. used with udev or devfs/hotplug. limba is a new project which allows 3rd-party software installations on linux syntax highlight on the terminal ir (lirc) support for pulseaudio prepare to dive into silent service, the submarine simulation that recreates authentic world war ii sea patrols in the bloody waters of the south pacific. some tools and ressources for xmedcon automated personal bookkeeping for hackers. a flask extension adding a decorator for cors support editorconfig plugin for qtcreator command-line tool to validate and pretty-print json and xml (development version) ocaml binding to libmagic trained language data for tesseract ocr engine the context mkiv typesetting system; additional files red-black tree implementation puzzle game like the known tetromino and average pipe game batman kernel module (dkms package) gui for fsarchiver collects system statistics and outputs pretty graphics and (x)html pages. softmaker office 2016, proprietary office suite; word processing, spreadsheets, presentations a library for reading raw files obtained from digital photo cameras (crw/cr2, nef, raf, dng, and others) (32-bit) simple rootkit detector that can be used by rkhunter. digital dj mixing software. development branch from git. a backup program for usb devices plugin for vapoursynth: it (git version) sunxi video engine library place a layer in a rectangular selection area. a lightweight session manager written in bash. a kernel module for microchip mcp2210 usb-to-spi bridge the unofficial python client for the gdax api rdoc produces html and command-line documentation for ruby projects unix/linux replacement for sybase's isql monocypher is an easy to use crypto library inspired by libsodium and tweetnacl spring download tool skins for the free42 emulator linear algebra package with tmg lib shutdown application for phonepi project motogt is a 2d top-viewed game where you drive a motogp bike lite version of paq; faster single file compressor but with less compression varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko command line pastebin for sharing terminal output (git version) python package for data analysis and visualization open source graph drawing component. can be used to produce your own impulse responses and to adapt the sound produced by a guitarix setting to another recorded sound. a gtk-utility designed to assist printing of digital photographs with pdf-preview, adjustable page size, multiple images per page and optional border styles. c-sharp bindings for webkitgtk 3.0 using gobject introspection linux port of far v2 a network version of cmatrix neorouter is a cross-platform zero-configuration vpn solution perl/cpan module html::simpleparse - a bare-bones html parser. vocoder ladspa plugin a full 3d printing solution aimed at repraps and the ultimaker. this is the aleph objects fork, specialized for the lulzbot series of 3d printers. a python widget library and application framework a tool to perform full and incremental backups. a virtual network service for openstack - server ros - rplidar_ros. pebble sdk, used to develop applications and watchfaces for the pebble smartwatch. a cross-platform benchmark that measures processor and memory performance (last version to not require online access) library and command line utility for interfacing with hdhomerun device kerberised netcat, provides mutually authenticated tunnel compiler and tools for the go programming language from google (windows,osx and linux with arm) scipy is open-source software for mathematics, science, and engineering. xmradio is a tiny internet xia mi radio client for linux, which supports many radio style, skin builtin and many other features. desktop app (aka team app) standard version perl package providing compilation-based xml processing simplesqlite is a python library to simplify sqlite database operations: table creation, data insertion and get data as other data formats. a lightweight gtk2 pdf viewer a library for managing 3d-studio release 3 and 4 .3ds files and a free alternative to autodesk's 3ds file toolkit. a fast and lightweight key/value database library (mingw-w64) a fully automated backup checker an open source, high performance library for simulating rigid body dynamics with python bindings a tool for listing and backing up explicitly installed packages and for managing config files a simple and intuitive todo list. stack trace visualizer dutch (netherlands) language pack for pale moon browser icons from ubuntu satanic edition. an opinionated git prompt for bash and zsh a st-link v2 (debugger/programmer) client graphical user interface configuration management tool embedding mruby daemon to balance udp dns requests over dns servers a perl script to convert flac files to mp3 format open source rollercoaster tycoon 1 and 2 implementation rapid prototyping application for image processing. a library, gui and cli script for managing data robotics storage units on linux a sudoku helper written in java a powerful text editor modelled on the vm/cms text editor xedit with the best features of mansfield software's kedit. solarized color theme for emacs converts various linux game installers to flatpak bundles larryshell modifies bash to create a more affluent command-line interface. library for solving packages and reading repositories docking system tray. download video and audio from yle areena. libretro implementation of vecx (vectrex) high performance rtmp server light replacement for the oracle client (files to run oci, occi and jdbc-oci programs) parse bios/intel me/uefi firmware related structures: volumes, filesystems, files, etc a multiprocess audio converter that supports many formats (flac, mp3, ogg vorbis, windows codecs and many more) corba server/client for sceneviewer. module to help self hosted cozy management kde's terminal emulator openfabrics alliance userspace chelsio t4/t5 iwarp rnic driver tgl din iso custom font bindings for the c dynd array library (numpy array replacement). set an x input device as the main pointer stage is a robot simulator providing a virtual world populated by mobile robots and sensors, along with various objects for the robots to sense and manipulate. a simple, no-frills tool for go cross compilation tracks your contacts with vcards and displays them to you with a text-based menu. python package that can convert physical descriptions of light into rgb colors library to enable user space application programs to communicate with usb devices. 0.x branch. debian's binary. openhab automation addons pure programming language, multimedia package -- interfaces to audio, midi, osc, faust, pd software to learning the basic concepts of formal languages and automata theory noto sans kannada truetype font that doesn't conflict with ttf-google-fonts-git key cracker for the 802.11 wep and wpa-psk protocols modular agent based evolution framework (development version) the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm eabi (bare-metal) target. a c99 library providing cross-platform audio input and output (mingw-w64) epson printer driver (xp-750, xp-850) enhanced profile and useful notifications for tmux/screen a retro zombie survival game. (humble bundle version) kvm driver for docker-machine adds free, secure and easy to use password management features to firefox dotsies is a font that uses dots instead of letters. dotsies is optimized for reading. the letters in each word smoosh together, so words look like shapes. amazon's new typeface for kindle a simplified approach to gjs for node.js and javascript developers. copay bitcoin wallet allows ngi s.p.a eolo clients to see their avaible high-bandwidth traffic usage. desktop client for the tinytinyrss reader a gtk direct connect client based on dc. a program for the bayesian estimation of phylogeny personal wiki where everything is in one html-file qemu interactive runtime analyser virtualbox software developer kit (sdk) v6 thompson shell port declarative python programming using parameters simple no-frills terminal emulator based on vte - git build epoll/kqueuelua based web server an open-source formatting library for c (mingw-w64) monitoring plugins for nagios, icinga etc. for openafs servers guile library for parsing commonmark header-only library for division via fixed-point multiplication by inverse (git version) python module for working with steam's api onscripter fork with custom improvements. hackbrary to hook and augment x11 protocol calls parameterized testing with any python test framework gstreamer open-source multimedia framework core library odbc wrapper for sqlpp11 a tool for creating and building ionic 2 framework mobile apps. openh264 is a codec library which supports h.264 encoding and decoding (mingw-w64) web-based dns administration tool for powerdns server a python implementation of google's encoded polyline algorithm format. vala / gtk 3 drop-down terminal emulator a lightweight command-line todo manager written in perl interactive importing of csv files to ledger japanese font family for developers obtained by mixing inconsolata and genshin gothic a mass spectrometry analysis toolkit lightwieght gtk2 text/hex editor written on go an online music player by netease. run on docker to avoid bugs. encrypted uploads to any pomf.se clone stardict english thesaurus an open-source formatting library for c python implementation of the unicode collation algorithm (uca) pale mono icons for wicd network manager console colouring for python enriches ltl2ba with graph generation capabilities gnome shell extension to manage hotel development servers ti link cable library java client for various chess servers glue is a simple command line tool to generate css sprites a tool for doing record analysis and transformation an advanced menu editor that provides modern features in a clean, easy-to-use interface. all without gnome dependencies simple, secure encryption and decryption for python 3 an application and package manager using packagekit a free open source personal music server for everyone. ros - the move_group node for moveit. extension of the kdeplasma-applets notes widget, where it's organized as a list desktop notifications for long-running commands in zsh. the nxt reference software client for use with the nxt cryptocurrency. re-connectable tcp connection. includes only the server. avl tree and red-black tree in ruby mopidy local library proxy extension for handling embedded album art rewrited and enchanced gjiten - a gnome japanese dictionary software package and repository meta-search scripts for use @ université libre de bruxelles object-oriented python2 bindings for the imagemagick library a news aggregator for gtk, git version. classes and functions that enable you to use windows-specific functions (mingw-w64) a multiplatform sega dreamcast emulator for odroid-c1 (development version) acholi language pack for firefox beta a simple dmenu-based file manager. ros - this package defines messages for commonly used sensors, including cameras and scanning laser rangefinders. a simple screen locker for x, modified for the gruvbox colorscheme distributed home automation controller a qt and webkit based command-line utility that captures webkit's rendering of a web page. cgi::cookie - interface to http cookies gandi plugin for let's encrypt a (non-interactive) scripting language, like sh. statically linked against musl. pure perl implementation of mongodb's bson serialization composite manager for aiglx and xgl, with plugins and ccsm digital voice for radio amateurs perl/cpan module authen::cas::client: provides an easy-to-use interface for authentication using ja-sig's central authentication service a new version of the popular raw digital images manipulator ufraw. a spectrogram tool for pulseaudio and wav files a python wrapper fro the zotero api scales or tiles a postscript image to print on multiple pages converts pg2 ip blocklists into lists that ipset under linux can consume an stl-to-gcode translator for reprap 3d printers, aiming to be a modern and fast alternative to skeinforge a command-line audio tagging tool aozora bunko text viewer varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko django application for handling the server headers required for cross-origin resource sharing (cors) removes the title bar on maximised windows (deprecated) temporary files support for testing pl/sh language for postgresql database this plugin was designed as a vim frontend for the perl module app::ack convert buffer text and decorations to html gtk2 and gtk3 configurator for kde organic environment for reservoir computing (oger) is a python toolbox for building, training and evaluating modular learning architectures gnu troff. official git trunk. a flash-card tool with a sophisticated card review algorithm (latest development snapshot) a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for mips-harvard-os161 arquitecture. this is part of toolset for the course os161 from harvard. afew is an initial tagging script for notmuch mail simple media player. x-apps project. the catalyst framework runtime allows to convert htc splash screen images from nb to bmp and create nb splash screens from bmp format black theme based on dark cold firmware for sierra wireless mc8355 (gobi 3000) the icedove / thunderbird gnupg encryption plugin. binary version. the most complete and feature-rich office and productivity suite db::color - colorize your debugger output apply roles to action instances (deprecated) python bindings for libpurple. tomoyo linux 1.8.x userspace tools a lossless png compression optimiser get files out of a tcp stream ham radio psk31/63 engine phylogenetic reconstruction using infinite mixtures extract slides from videos. spl programming language provides apache-style log generators kernel headers for the zettabyte file system. a lightweight decompression library with support for rar, tar and zip archives. standalone skin providing the good old "elchiaio" looks reads ical files and outputs remind-compatible files setuptools revision control system plugin for git encoding and decoding base64 ascii strings python module for working with steam's api defrag is a quake3 modification made specifically for speedruns and trickjumps. slime inspired tmux integration plugin for vim none a dragon and tandy coco emulator. offline deduplication utility for the btrfs filesystem header files and scripts for building modules for linux-lts41 kernel broken package identifier for arch linux, based on gentoo's revdep-rebuild a screen recorder that supports x11 and opengl. (git version built against qt5) chat over ssh a simple wrapper around optparse for powerful command line utilities converts text into bitmap images such as png. assembly by short sequences - a de novo, parallel, paired-end sequence assembler the intuitive, fast, and beautiful cross-platform git client. a tool to calculate optical paths and resonators based on gaussian beam matrix optics a svg viewing library (mingw-w64) makes writing applications for monomes easy open source implementation of the adaptive multi rate (amr) speech codec, lib32 one for all free music in china a high performance semantic engine for the ada programming language. timetable data for the timetable search engines by chaps: czech trains. atari running on any machine font rasterization library (mingw-w64) small and highly customizable twin-panel file manager for linux with support for plugins gitlab pages daemon used to serve static websites for gitlab users calendar-based budgeting software written in java sdl-based hanafuda game simple library for communicating with usb and bluetooth hid devices (mingw-w64) common files for icinga2 a typing test program desktop program with customizability export tables to latex or html view and analyze scientific images the python binding for sundown, a markdown parsing library. passphrase strength evaluator bauer stereophonic-to-binaural dsp effect library firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - gujarati (india) an emulator of the amstrad cpc 8bit home computer range (cpc 464, 664, 6128) c# bindings for gtk 2, built from sources. tclln is a library for integrating a tcl-shell with custom commands functions for converting to/from bencoded strings docbook to asciidoc converter a command scheduler for shells access google rest (aka ajax) api from perl a latex package for drawing matrices. the next generation of web-desktop communication provides the extra language support needed to build large tcl/tk applications, version 3.4 python based u2f server library embodiment of scarlet devil trial version. sixth game of the touhou project series; wine version. 140 is a challenging minimalistic platformer with abstract colorful graphics. a threaded nntp and spool based usenet newsreader. an open source freeware designed for the estimation of discrete choice models persian spellchecker dictionary for firefox a versatile multiprotocol (httpd et al) server written in c/tcl display the menu of a remote vdr as submenu item of your local vdr menu iftop does for network usage what top(1) does for cpu usage - pre-1.0 release manjaro redefined plymouth theme modified. ssl/tls module for the apache http server a virtual network service for openstack - mlnx plugin agent bounded model checking for ansi-c the first open source cloud with libreoffice online just in one click. x.org evdev input driver - git version (with the patch for surface pen 3) fastcgi process manager for php lync and skype for business client on linux russian fido-like messaging system with web interface common library for code shared by tuxtype and tuxmath amule remote tools cli and gui ftp client class with automatic reconnect on failure socks proxy client for asyncio and aiohttp tree based kernel module dependency viewer canon scangear mp v2 scanner driver. wait for an arbitrary process lock key state indicator for gnome shell. utilities jointly used by devpi-server and devpi-client ros - the control toolbox contains modules that are useful across all controllers. a high-performance, posix-ish amazon s3 file system written in go losslessly shrink any jpeg file. official binding of sfml for c. git repository. a small c compiler for unix systems. python gettext translation toolkit this script simplify doxygen documentation in c/c void linux's homemade binary package manager standalone c client to spamassassin. a c binding for the opengl api, generated using the gl.xml specification a framework for rtl synthesis a slim ruby wrapper for posting to slack webhooks fortune quotes from dharma & greg emacs environment to hack in scheme, version from git sap root certificates perl/cpan module tk::tframe,cloth,numentry,numentryplain,firebutton posix script to manage dotfiles gets rid of a site's cookies and localstorage as soon as you close its tabs. protects against trackers and zombie-cookies. tpm (trusted platform module) 2.0 software stack (tss) sync installed packages across arch installs a fully manual let's encrypt client tools and libraries for smart cards standards-based, corba middleware framework virtual midi keyboard that uses jack midi. citadel/ux is a collaboration suite (messaging and groupware) that is descended from the citadel family of programs which became popular in the 1980s and 1990s as a bulletin board system platform. image file for squeak vm display relative line number in the left margin in emacs platform-tools for google android sdk (adb and fastboot) the very first filebrowser compile and execute c "scripts" in one go! hadoop - mapreduce implementation and distributed filesystem ros - turtlesim is a tool made for teaching ros and ros packages. highly dns-, dos- and abuse-aware loadbalancer git subcommand to integrate with phabricator cross-platform library of spatial analysis functions qmi modem protocol helper library with experimental qmi-over-mbim patch generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - med module 2d and 3d vector, matrix, quaternion and geometry module. manage config files in home via fake bare git repositories in your face city trains - survive as long as you can (development version) extensible data model and format a cross-platform, polyphonic synthesizer, available standalone and as lv2 and vst plugins typopro fonts from http://typopro.org/ a gtkdialog gui and backend to manage settings for justbrowsing that allows loading/saving from a config file an mpd (music player daemon) client library written in pure python. xdg compliant menu generator xstatic-bootstrap-scss a simple build system a free cross-platform multiplayer action game bidirectional bridge between numpy and eigen 3. aws lambda style programming model on top of kubernetes share your terminal over the web planetary annihilation public test environment launcher remote subversion repository dump. a fan-made remake of the classic sierra computer rpg "betrayal at krondor" a library implementing a small layer on top of the pkcs11 api common gatway interface for octave half-precision floating-point a screening application for high througput sequence data the gnu avr compiler collection with tinyos patches kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-rt-bfq kernel switchboard mouse & touchpad plug extensible memoizing collections and decorators the c/python interface of fenics, providing a consistent pse (problem solving environment) for ordinary and partial differential equations. unofficial version of pcem that uses wxwidgets/sdl2 a quick psnr/ssim analyzer ncurses-based acpi monitor. theano-based deep learning library (convnets, recurrent neural networks, and more) speeds up methods at the cost of memory (or disk space) a multi-transport async logging library for node.js a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtxmlpatterns) (5.1.x) interpreter for the setlx programming language firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - japanese a free software that gathers information on cpu, motherboard and more limited shell, lets you restrict a user's environment to limited sets of commands, and more an effort to develop algorithms and enabling technologies within an object-oriented software framework for the solution of large-scale, complex multi-physics engineering and scientific problems. a c jpeg-ls library implementation noblenote aims to be a lightweight, open source alternative to evernote and onenote. ros - ecl frontend to a linear matrix package (currently eigen). text-mode interface for git - git checkout create deltas between rpms obd-ii vehicle diagnostic scanner benchmark representing a key computational kernel of the monte carlo neutronics a least recently used (lru) cache implementation interactive parallel computing in python ros - rqt_rviz provides a gui plugin embedding rviz. scapy for python3 (aka scapy3k) a command-line podcast aggregator. gnustep's easy-to-use interface designer. vim html5 omnicomplete and syntax bandcamp integration for nuvola player. an indie adventure rpg, about two doctors traversing through the memories of a dying man to fulfill his last wish. scaleft(tm) url handler an educational software that teaches students computer programming in a 3d environment light-weight option parsing with an argv hash. no optstrings attached. display weather information from the command line. a scientific plotting and graphing package, designed to create publication-ready postscript or pdf output performance application programming interface latest kernel modules form wacom tablets (dkms). useful if your wacom tablet is not supported upstream yet. ros - a set of message filters which take in messages and may output those messages at a later time, based on the conditions that filter needs met. perl/cpan module indirect: lexically warn about using the indirect method call syntax. a library designed to interconvert between many file formats used in molecular modeling and computational chemistry (git version, builds python bindings) command-line battle.net authenticator and python library python implementation of the multistate bennett acceptance ratio (mbar) method for estimating expectations and free energy differences. a free service that lets you bring your photos, docs, and videos anywhere and share them easily (gtk2 version) bluetooth baseband decoding library shortuuid is a simple python library that generates concise, unambiguous, url-safe uuids. c library for bare metal systems for the msp430-elf target. theme engines for gtk 2 (32 bit) a jupyter/ipython kernel template. qt bindings for ftp supports generation of arbitrary order instances of the lagrange elements on lines, triangles, and tetrahedra. a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (mingw-w64) cross-platform dvd authoring application node.js adapter for requirejs converter used by sam2p if available enlightenment foundation libraries - development version free and open source real-time stenography engine. a free tool for extracting xpap sleep data from flashair wifi-enabled sd cards. denarius (dnr) is an anonymous, untraceable, energy efficient, proof-of-work, and proof-of-stake cryptocurrency. a todo manager written in bash, using rofi extract artwork from media files - git checkout ocaml bindings for llvm (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.7/) provides the sender rewriting scheme (srs) via tcp-based lookup tables for postfix repository browsing and code review tool from jetbrains vpn unlimited client application perl bindings for libgnome a perl api for monitoring apache tomcat. none ros - this package provides a c interface for camera calibration information. a set of tkinter widgets to display readonly text and code. compiz configuration system library a multi-network p2p client. daemon function, only ed2k/kad. (git version) c class library and tools designed to read and write iso-mp4 files plugin for vapoursynth: adjust (git version) a gnu/linux daemon for simplifying udev based hotplugging of remote control devices. human-readable unit-aware calculator a library containing many code snippets mostly for root upload/download lua files to your esp8266 module with nodemcu firmware arcade game. you've got to get from the start to the finish line without crashing into deadly blocks. binding between guile scheme and the gnome stack of libraries. (fe. pango, gtk, cairo, gstreamer, glade, gtksourceview and else). to build wrappers for gtk and higher in the stack, you will first need guile-cairo. a simple certificate manager written in go. easy to use with limited capability. dyndns (dynamic dns) syncing shell script with systemd script lpr and cups driver for brother ql-800w label printer none free replacement for the figlet utility. telepathy handler for text chats lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j265w ros - open source libraries that will enable the kinect to be used with windows, linux, and mac. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-covolunablu-gaming kernel 3rd party osgi bundles used by the open-xchange backend kde-based irc client (monolithic version) distributed newsql database compatible with mysql protocol ros - these tools inspect and describe your system with macros, types and functions. open source touhou clone mailnag gnome-shell extension basic image management and display program based on the fltk toolkit a command-line tool to automate chess engine tournaments roundcube plugin that allows users to manage sieve filter rules. eyesight: an image viewing program nss module to have an additional passwd, shadow and group file bash wrapper for pacman and aur a tool for converting veewee templates into packer templates apparmor sample pre-made profiles an attempt at creating a free (as meant in the gnu public license) j-rpg game. ros - unit-testing package for ros. markdown presentation writer, powered by electron gnome keyring client library python ipset bindings and helper client library for openstack dbaas api open source command line sip user agent open source library for spi/i2c control via ftdi chips a portable, high level programming interface to various calling conventions (x32 abi) a free library providing windowing and widgets for graphics apis/engines lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j415w easy tool to update your pkgbuilds and update the aur database automatically brother fax2840 driver shell script for using scrot in i3 ros - moveit interface to ompl. rbdl - rigid body dynamics library. mercurial version. a small tool for querying and setting drm properties of /dev/dri/card* devices markov-switching, bayesian, vector autoregression models enhanced outrun engine simple tabbed text editor with syntax highlighting, based on qt4 convert instagram feed to atom solarflare utilities for linux (sfupdate, sfboot, sfctool, etc.) a script to print out installed packages that are part of a dependency cycle. a superdaemon for hot-deploying server programs. python package for generating multi-unit schematic symbols for kicad from a csv file ros - a generic, simple controller manager plugin for moveit. a library using the libpafe on ruby xstatic-jquery.tablesorter mercurial web interface trained language data for tesseract ocr engine read images to numpy arrays api to access display driver functionality for amd graphics cards. an open-source hevc encoder licensed under lgplv2.1 extension for nautilus to do administrative operations dynamic window manager with support for wayland items search tool and watcher for path of exile an army list builder for table-top games. memory-based tagger-generator and tagger in one. a clone of the game tetrinet for the gnome environment a python extension module that allows you to manipulate the posix.1e acls. (fixed for python 3) quirks data for pm-utils python interface for the sam/bam sequence alignment and mapping format classes for displaying the contents of svg files (mingw-w64) ros - pcl (point cloud library) ros interface stack. driver for usb asix ethernet models ax88760 ax88772 ax88772a ax88772b ax88772c ax88178 an interface to install windows programs in wine controller for ubiquiti unifi accesspoints allows running steam applications in wine, while using the native steam client. the php docbook renderer (includes pman build scripts) cpan/extutils::cchecker - configure-time utilities for using c headers, libraries, or os features a solution for running lua multithreaded a 3d game engine, with lua scripting, an easy to use in-game editor and more python bindings for st7036 lcd. visual cp: a cp program with some scrollbars fuse nullfs drivers python bindings for kolab xml format schema definitions library a font based on the typeface used in a 1743 english translation of montaigne's essays. python bindings for nss and nspr python interface for iraf ros - interface for enforcing joint limits. lemonade is a remote utility tool. (copy, paste and open browser) over tcp. a perl 6 implementation of perl 6-style string formatting the lightest feature rich c single header testing framework paged geometry plugin for ogre for fast rendering of trees and grass. built against ogre 1.8. a plasmoid for playing multimedia. git & mercurial subrepos done right a strong and fast cryptography toolkit perl implementation of json-rpc 1.1 protocol a mud client based on cancan which was inspired by tintin the computer history simulation project software for aligning viewing and editing dna/aminoacid sequences. a torrent viewer and editor. vim: vi improved tool that reads a xmind mind map and derives a structured latex document. c wrappers for libnotify (gtk2 version) oo interface to an iterator that checks a website for archvdr project!!! upnp plugin for vdr hook for ppp to reconnect openvpn upon connection an open source remote desktop protocol (rdp) server command line tool to generate bootable virtual machine images and write them to a block device a three-tiers high-level general purpose application platform (client application) support for stand alone ci by digital devices for vdr 2.1.6 and higher. freetype-based font drawing library for x (x32 abi) a tool to push container metrics to elastic additional statistics functions for octave. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - norwegian (nynorsk) library for nintendo ds homebrew development an easy to use digital photograph metadata (exif, iptc, xmp) editing application a decentralized currency for the internet. command-line client for virustotal.com advanced dynamic window manager for x python evic for e-cigs fedora 26 backgrounds. python based u2f validation server khmer language pack for firefox beta support lib. for tucnak3 version 2 of the pop gtk theme lone wolf book player open-source version of the classic game yahtzee a slige-based random map generator for freedoom an obs source service: reformats a spec file to suse standard dlib is a general purpose cross-platform c library designed using contract programming and modern c techniques. distributed shell (or dancer’s shell) executes command remotely on several different machines at the same time. oracle java 7 runtime environment (public release - end of support) doing naughty things to good widgets. a fast and simple micro-framework for small web-applications you can see a list of checkpoints created by nilfs2 in thunar fast, minimal and lightweight web browser extra tools built using clang's tooling apis a library write in csharp (c#) to use the opensuse build service (obs) planed to propose at monodevelop team signet is an oauth 1.0 / oauth 2.0 implementation. an amateur radio logbook a ruby wrapper for bsd's kqueue, using ffi little script to handle/rotate rsync backups xstatic base package with minimal support code markdown to html generator and multiple css themes for markdown adminer skins a forking drb spec server large english-russian dictionary for stardict provides decoding of basic exif and tiff encoded data epson printer driver (artisan 50 / stylus photo p50, t50, t59, t60) command line kung fu with python (python -c, with tab completion and shorthand) a simple gtk app to mount iso files inject components into your catalyst application ros - c implementation of lie groups using eigen. automate downloading or processing content (torrents, podcasts, etc.) from different sources like rss-feeds, html-pages, various sites and more. crosstool-ng toolchain - x-tools package for armv7h compiling gnu database library (x32 abi) a python2 html parser/tokenizer based on the whatwg html5 spec solaris porting layer kernel headers. simple single-process process monitoring program written in c an html-embedded scripting language chameleon skin (from kolab) for the roundcube webmailer file::tools - unix tools implemented as perl modules and made available to other platforms as well offline documentation for lilypond an event driven meteor client vpn client for palo alto globalprotect vpn minor mode for emacs that allows multiple major modes to coexist in one buffer an anonymizing overlay network (development version, route length 6) command line utility for uploading and downloading single files to your google drive binding for dbus messaging protocol distributed, fault-tolerant storage platform delivering object, block, and file system powerful build system for the jvm (sources) a php extension to use arch linux's alpm a cli tool to manage device identities in your iot hub registry, send and receive messages and files from your devices, and monitor your iot hub operations. linphone plugin that enables h.264 video codec api for the archlinux user repository website. fm4 trackservice for systray package for solving large sparse systems of linear equations. a glib/gio-based library to develop file managers. does not include the gtk components. pvim python version, better than pvim an application that allows multiple users to watch a serial console at the same time. a plugin for gkrellm2 which displays the current cpu frequency a fully-featured shell-like command line environment a cleanroom re-implementation of the scala repl from first principles. u-boot for a10s olinuxino micro a linux daemon that manages network interfaces in response to network cables being plugged in and out an enhanced yet simple pygtk color selection and conversion tool that can minimize to the tray. linux::smaps - a perl interface to /proc/pid/smaps an open-source javascript framework, whose goal is to augment browser-based applications with model–view–controller (mvc) capability, in an effort to make both development and testing easier. x11 based presentation tool plug-in for citrix receiver to support clear, crisp high-definition audio-video calls, particularly with microsoft skype® for business. this is a python library for interacting with and creating packets. full featured consistent hashing python library compatible with ketama ros - mavros_msgs defines messages for mavros. a tool to manage kubernetes charts debian package signature verification tool system v release 4.0 curses emulation library (x32 abi) a configurable set of panels that display various debug information about the current request/response. this plugin shows your music collection in albums. translations for global menu hively tracker (hvl and ahx) replayer library (kode54's fork, from foo_input_hvl) ncurses implementation of famous flappy bird game full-featured bitcoin wallet management application prepare to dive into silent service, the submarine simulation that recreates authentic world war ii sea patrols in the bloody waters of the south pacific. avarice is a program for interfacing the atmel jtag ice to gdb to allow users to debug their embedded avr target. runtime libraries shipped by gcc (32-bit) the unix arp cache update utility seamulator is an ocean wave simulator. syntax highlighting for json, including json-specific (non-js) warnings and quote concealing. fortune quotes from foxtrot kde client for ring (ring.cx) x11 authorisation library (mingw-w64) a high-quality mpeg audio decoder a pass extension that provides an easy flow for updating passwords. host linux-pf kernel modules for virtualbox pymodis is a free and open source python based library to work with modis data a collection of qt widgets for usage in biomedical imaging applications (mingw-w64) an event framework wrapper a library used to write the auxiliary programs (validators, generators, and so on) for programming contest problems. php pecl extension to provide bindings for the subversion revision control system texture packer and resource bundler an improved screenlocker based upon xcb and pam (lixxia fork) advanced launcher for arma 3 on linux opentype hebrew font from sil. simple, small, c xml parser that can be easily integrated into other programs (mingw-w64) simply frontend for mp3gain, vorbisgain and metaflac to replay gain your tracks fedora 13 (goddard) backgrounds. library that provides a simple interface to read whole-slide images an easy to use logger that is based on qt's qdebug class. an image viewing/manipulation program (q32 hdri with all libs and features) engine to synthesize speech waveform from hmms trained by hts. apertium language data for the french-catalan translator. ham radio test trainer a simple python module to bypass cloudflare's anti-bot page, using requests official dedicated server for terraria python2 wrapper for tumblr api stable version of viper the binary analysis framework a little gui to select installed lv2 plug-ins and run them with jalv. systemd service for certbot certificate renewal with nginx servers sdl example for go, with graphics and soundeffects examine and edit dos games colorful light color scheme for vim inspired by apple's wwdc17 page a sexy and modern icon theme with tango influences. awn is a customisable dock-like bar at the edge of the screen. ros - persistent storage of ros data using mongodb. additional file filters such as ttx, idml, json, etc. plugin for vapoursynth: fft3dfilter (git version) a proprietary music streaming service (pre dark-ui version) gtk-based dc and adc client for eiskaltdc core. (git version) definitions for project-generator ater red cursor theme. bash completion for android, adb, emulator, fastboot, and repo a collection of board, card, and dice games in audio format played online a set of python 2.x bindings for the qt5 toolkit a general-purpose utility library for secure, small c development a flexible http client library signal based wrapper around libmpdclient an business online/offsite backup solution queue data structure highly extensible ide bus communication for all prelude modules work with the linux kernel modules library for extending the default file manager for gnome - patched to bring back the 'typeahead find' feature logitech k780 fn-key configuration java image comparison for ssim, ae, mae, mse, pae, equals this packages the smbus distribution, containing the device::smbus module! a fairly comprehensive, modular and portable cryptographic toolkit creeper world 3: arc eternal is the third installment in the creeper world series. simple wrapper around most of the libcanberra public api an open source linux client for google drive with support for the new drive rest api and partial sync amazon dynamodb local instance. amazon dynamodb is a fast and flexible nosql database service for all applications that need consistent, single-digit millisecond latency at any scale. a library for the manipulation of rdf file in ladspa plugins (32 bit) easily download, build, install, upgrade, and uninstall python packages (mingw-w64) a simple script to update archlinux using pacmatic and pacaur. an open source beat slicer simple service menu that show the mediainfo about the selected media. a simple csv file parser for command line cli and client library for openstack networking library for nvidia multi-gpu and multi-node collective communication primitives (needs registration at upstream url and manual download) read-eval-print-loop on die and/or warn ros - integration test suite based on roslaunch that is compatible with xunit frameworks. development version of an ada binding to the 'ncurses' c library. plugin for vapoursynth: deblock (git version) sandbox for securely executing untrusted programs python client library for heat a binding generator reverse engineered linux driver for the broadcom 1570 pcie webcam. tools for working with the folia format, based on libfolia. *not* the same as python package folia-tools! the gnu debugger for lm32 a lightweight perl repl using term::readline utility to convert ttf files to eot qt/qml wrapper for pdfium open-source pdf rendering engine. a tool to manage project, user, and global git hooks for multiple git repositories. a multi platform qt5 notification framework a 3-dimensional visualizer of scientific data, build with python3 bindings eclipse json editor plugin utility for waking up computers using udp wake-on-lan packets an attempt to port lossywav to posix. the official jdbc driver for postgresql. contains jdbc 4.0, 4.1 & 4.2 drivers. tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor ide for the flis processor and training computer the ur-quan masters hd, a port of star control 2 with high res textures program for drawing mandelbrot and julia fractals a derivative of lua 5.3 with limited optional static typing and llvm and libgccjit based jit compilers salut à toi, multi-frontends multi-purposes xmpp client (console frontend) software for scientific visualization, statistical analysis, and non-linear modeling. a bytecode optimizer for android apps a suite of tools compiling mdoc, the roff macro language for manual pages, and man. breakout clone from the gnu project aster command file editor. editor of code_aster's command files. networkmanager gui connection editor with default settings to save authentication passwords in keyfile and make all new connections available for all users shows song change notification using your systems notification daemon. a simple, git-powered wiki. a z-machine interpreter supporting unicode, sound, blorbfile and more. the personal, minimalist, super-fast, no-database delicious clone - community repo a port of the popular multiple arcade machine emulator using sdl with opengl support. a pure python backend for pyvisa a free implementation of the unicode bidirectional algorithm (32 bit) video stabilization library (mingw-w64) a command that lets you start another command with any argv[0] driver for dvbsky cards/boxes intertechno module for homegear http client/server library for gnome fastcgi process manager for php an utility that accesses files on a http server and stores them locally for reuse. high resolution graphics set for simutrans osmocom library for muxed audio rubyrc4 is a pure ruby implementation of the rc4 algorithm. python lib/cli for json/yaml schema validation a testing framework inspired from junit and nunit medis is a beautiful, easy-to-use database management application for redis. cli client for nakadi a rendering library based on jogl a command to transliterate ascii to katakana. library for computation using data flow graphs for scalable machine learning header files and scripts for building modules for linux-mptcp kernel salut à toi, multi-frontends multi-purposes xmpp client (console frontend) http proxy written in go. cow can automatically identify blocked sites and use parent proxies to access collection of cg shaders for libretro general-purpose fonts released by google as part of android. non-latin language support. the simplest  fastest video cutter and joiner a utility to help casual user install multiple versions of a software package a python wrapper for librtlsdr (a driver for realtek rtl2832u based sdr's) online chess game client written in qt like a color picker but for unicode emoticons. trayicon with unicode emoticons using python3 qt5. extension inspired by https://github.com/darkxst/multiple-monitor-panels and rewritten from scratch for gnome-shell version 3.10.4. adds panels and thumbnails for additional monitors. settings changes are applied in dynamic fashion, no restart needed. a french female voice for the mbrola synthesizer lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-l2705dw 2d graphics library; can be used with c, c, fortran to generate flow charts. ffqueue is (yet another) graphical user interface for ffmpeg with comprehensive support for both the basic features but also the more advanced features like filtergraphs.(git version) configurable and extensible tab line and status line, by tpope professional a/v post-production software suite ham radio - vhf/hf contest logbook candy for perl programming in vim a chicken package for use with mono-noconflict probability machine simulator epson printer driver (px-7v) the oftlisp bootstrapper. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - urdu file locker with an automatic out-of-scope unlocking mechanism a console spreadsheet tool for discovering and arranging data technical analysis for traders a friendly and expressive unix shell. provides light-weight components for working with xml a friendly and expressive unix shell. ros - cmake lint commands for ros packages. wingpanel ayatana indicator a dsp library for telephony (32 bit) an addicting ncurses space-invaders game. ros - ros_tutorials contains packages that demonstrate various features of ros, as well as support packages which help demonstrate those features. asynchronous c library for bitcoin a highly scalable, highly available, robust load balancer for tcp and udp based protocols such as dns, http or smtp. wrapper for online service which provides temporary email address: https://temp-mail.ru/ a straight-forward webdav client, implemented using requests simple http router cpu frequence utility plasmoid icon theme from solus os and budgie desktop extended session management for vim (:mksession on steroids) high-level bzip2 bindings for perl6 convert between fahrenheit and celsius via the command line using go. simple c program to automatically mount removable drives using udisks2 and d-bus. editorconfig emacs plugin multiplatform gnu/gpl tesla pmd 85 emulator (git version) a graphical front end for managing razer peripherals under gnu/linux. attach to thunderbird service for dolphin a simple virtual terminal emulator for x. locator/id separation protocol (lisp) and lisp mobile node implementation a toolbox for working with base types, r and tidyverse core features. a ctf framework and exploit development library. a qt based gui front end for the connman connection manager with systemtray icon the dns management framework map filenames to mime types ese key daemon is a multimedia keyboard daemon for linux. the nice editor, a fast small powerful and simple to use editor cairo vector graphics library (git version) python hpgl parsing library an embeddable datastore c library built with over 70 commands similar in concept to redis but without the networking layer a python script which displays music album covers in nautilus, preview of pictures which are in a folder and more. a c library that supports a few operations on boolean expression binary trees fast and flexible static site generator in go instant messaging client and sip softphone for wifirst customers a d-bus service that fetches events from google calendar and makes theme available for gnome shell to display. google backend for lingua::translate d language ide based on dlangui a general purpose text retrieval software an icon theme for gnome based on the buuf iconset by mattahan lxqt system administration an image viewing and cataloging program for mate (gtk3 version) a portable binary archive to be used with boost::serialization qemu iscsi block module. git version. a nice developer editor, highly recommended by episteak french school - git version switchboard desktop plug firmware flashing tool for stellaris launchpad icdi lightweight in-process concurrent programming (x32 abi) kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-surface4 kernel a set of modules to make the module developement easier manage events and tasks using simple text files. an opensource 'ambilight' implementation (build for raspberry pi) object-oriented gui and set of compilers for various firewall platforms. qt5 version. a collection of python-based command-line audio handling programs dns query tool convert shell-like globs to regular expressions jetpack mechanic utilities for creating, testing, running and packaging mozilla jetpack addons voice recordings for freeswitch a userland caching module for php56 ros - roslang is a common package that all ros client libraries depend on. forged alliance forever - shared library stupid-ftpd is an ftp server, which provides a normal ftp-daemon functionality and a command-line mode. it has got a /etc/passwdindependent user database which allows many variations of permissions. the server is easy to configure and very flexible some shell functions to ease the installation of various unreal games. an openbox pipe menu application and file browser. command line tool to make bootable fat file systems secure version of io::path.child a next generation experimental version of the burp backup and restore program. collection of archlinux mkinitcpio utilities performing various tasks latex package options with pgfkeys improved colored diff downloads subtitles from titulky.com a reverse engineering driver for the clevo p15sm/p17sm/p150sm/p157sm/p170sm/p177sm backlight keyboard, by christoph jaeger powerful build system for the jvm vastly improves vim's javascript indentation ros - ros package tool. module::build::withxspp - xs enhanced flavour of module::build python2 interruptingcow library spanish government digital signature client a small embeddable interpreter for a programming language based on functions. a virtual network service for openstack - one convergence plugin agent reduced alphabet based protein similarity search perl6::perldoc::to::ansi - ansi-colored text renderer for perl6::perldoc supplemental community plugins for the makehuman program. concurrent http downloader a geometric sans-serif font from the future. simple system menu for commandline perl sub::infix cpan module lpr and cups drivers for the brother mfc-9335cdw a ffi wrapper around the system gssapi library. a fast and simple micro-framework for small web-applications a program for molecular graphics visualisation (aka openrasmol) addons to qtcore (mingw-w64) batman kernel module text-based addressbook program designed to use with mutt mail client awx provides a web-based user interface, rest api, and task engine built on top of ansible. variant of the dvorak keyboard layout designed for programmers ros - contains a node that rotates an image stream in a way that minimizes the angle between a vector in some arbitrary frame and a vector in the camera frame. ros - driver for irobot create and roomba this is a generic driver for irobot create that currently holds implementations for turtlebot and roomba. a module to control raspberry pi gpio channels a locking wrapper script to make sure that some program is not run more than once perl interface to git repositories email bounce detectors apache sapi for php a python regular expression debugger a modular framework for implementing a cisco-like cli. the klish is a fork of clish 0.7.3 project. policykit integration for the gnome desktop a small dutch male voice for the mbrola synthesizer html documentation for python numpy with gnome devhelp support userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat kone[] devices a desktop client for working with bugzilla bugs across multiple trackers (qt4) zeromq bindings for gnu octave prints the date in latin. a multitouch x driver using the kernel mt protocol parse, analyze and manipulate perl (without perl) assert reference counts on objects international components for unicode library a pythonic interface for google mail brutal doom via the gzdoom engine. a lightweight, fast, and free web browser the gnu debugger for the arm64 target fork of http://thre.at/kalibrate/ for use with rtl-sdr devices detect associations between gentic data and environment variables complete build for husky fido tosser 1.9 message transfer agent with maximal-enabled features epson printer driver (stylus nx510, nx515, sx510w, sx515w, tx550w) subcommand repl for click apps. gui to make ssh launchers from .sh bash scripts, inspired by kssh from kde3. static gprbuild to bootstrap xmlada and gprbuild proper. ros - parser for semantic robot description format (srdf). run windows programs on linux text::hunspell - perl interface to the gnu hunspell library fonts support all languages/characters in unicode qt widgets for technical applications (mingw-w64, qwt-qt4.dll only) a database of flexible,time-based facts,supporting queries and joins,with elastic scalability,and acid transactions a weird hash with special semantics for regex keys the open source gnu cobol compiler socketio server based on the gevent pywsgi server, a python network library. gnome shell extension that shows the status of the nvidia gpu a web automation engine for the gwen interpreter. plasma5 applet for software updates using packagekit a library of commonly used type constraints perform combinations and permutations on lists python wrapper for the libraw library this hook provides dynamic dns capabilities to the initramfs maya serie red cursor theme qt5 compatible qconf - qt configuration tool a latex package for drawing feynman graphs coooder is a syntax highlighting extension for writer. c platform-independent graphics library, aka canvasdraw. zjtag is an utility for debricking routers, it supports several usb and parallel jtag cables a simple python client library for acme server that issues tls (aka ssl) certificates encrypted network tunneling using salsa20 from libnettle and gpg from libgpgme monofur for powerline container for the autoxs header files get your steam trading cards the easy way serialization based on ast.literal_eval an open source real-time strategy game similar to warcraft ii javascript lint rdtool is formatter for rd. tools for particle tracking the pantheon application menu nvidia's opencl implemention for 'lib32-nvidia-utils-full-beta' fast, reliable, and secure dependency management a semantic parser for c, parsing most of ansi c as well as many gcc extensions, [also] including a static analyzer. test::more for the c programming language portable c api for interactive brokers free pastebin programm for http://nopaste.info a modern mud client with a graphical user inteface and built in lua scripting firmware dvb-fe-tda10048-1.0.fw for philips tda10048h dvb-t demodulator lolcode syntax highlight support in gtksourceview3 for gedit 3 and others anime loop video command line tool. a light, electron-based wrapper around graphiql. a python framework to interface with the mediawiki api pomodoro for xmobar or dzen monospaced font based on artwiz snap. gstreamer multimedia framework base plugin libraries open source, real time strategy game sharing game elements with the dungeon keeper series and evil genius tool to redirect, modify and send frames from a traffic active link. a tiny pythonic visitor implementation. automate and manage your pocket collection small but very powerful text-based mail client, muddied with potentially useful patches. library for interfacing with iio devices tiny program to test the pluggable authentication modules (pam) facility otca is a script supporting you in quickly setting up a simple public-key infrastructure. screen saver / locker for the x window system - blank only full featured consistent hashing python library compatible with ketama utilities for viewing data and exporting schema from microsoft access database files a fast and highly customizable virtual multiple desktop window manager. ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. keyboard and mouse sharing solution. synergy allows you to share one mouse and keyboard between multiple computers. work seamlessly across windows, macos and linux. tex live - latex package for usenix conferences this is a simple plymouth theme displaying the arch linux logo. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j4510dw ros - turtle_tf demonstrates how to write a tf broadcaster and listener with the turtlesim. bash script to easily configure your interface to share your internet connection and configure a dhcp and dns and tftp boot server to listen on it. ip, dhcp, dns can be configured, and for wifi interfaces also wireless mode and encryption. python extension and icons for integrating insync with nautilus persian calendar for gnome shell. utility classes used by wt applications easy argon2 password hashing and key derivation in perl6 a c/fortran library to parse and evaluate symbolic expressions input as text. dockapp to display statistical information about a current wifi connection a material design lightdm theme a c library for parsing and generating cbor, the general-purpose schema-less binary data format. dota 2 match data query api for python. print out each line before it is executed (like sh -x) a recreation of the gnome-shell hamster extension as a xfce4 panel plugin. scalable cross-language services framework for ipc/rpc sourcery codebench lite 2016.05-8 for mips gnu/linux qt archiver utility (opensuse rpm) terminus font with dv1 and ij1 patches applied ruby stdout text formatting an api blueprint renderer with theme support that outputs static html a open source sql relational database management system (rdms) extra features for python's json: comments, order, numpy, pandas, datetimes, and many more! simple but customizable. a lightweight tunnel proxy a user friendly translation program (cat), that makes the translation process simpler ros - xdot modern blackletter, inspired on the typeface of an incunable printed in barcelona by joan rosembach at year 1496. after a five year manhunt for the elusive dr. goldfire, the search has ended. kbookmarks wanderer is a game like boulderdash, repton, xor in git for active development. (wanderer) gives you overview and control over your git/hg/bzr/svn checkouts/clones adds a command to setup.py for displaying metadata about the package. c minimal perfect hashing library ghc binaries for raspberry pi from raspian repositories perl/cpan module time::fake: simulate different times without changing your system clock documentation and code for g500 specific hid protocol for profile configuration and other tweaks powerful python and django ide. community edition. systemd-boot with password-protected editor repeatr is a tool for sandboxing processes so they become guaranteed runable on another machine (at another time, at another place -- even offline). unofficial google music downloader (command line) an address book manager for the gnome desktop minimalistic repl plugin for vim virtual piano instrument using physical modelling synthesis. both standalone and plugin versions. ntfs filesystem driver and utilities with experimental features fuse filesystem to mount squashfs archives text page dewarping using a cubic sheet model interface your homematic bidcos, homematic wired, max!, insteon or philips hue devices with your home automation software or your own control scripts 3d chess frontend this is the official discogs api client for python. you can use it to query the discogs music database for metadata on artists, releases, and more. measurement, management and statistics of sport short-time tests this project was developed to demonstrate the possibility of real-time dect voice channel decoding by gnuradio. wiki/blog compiler gtk-2.0 & gtk-3.0 compatible theme turn-based space empire and galactic conquest (4x) computer game python api for the browse feature of spotify themer is a colorscheme generator and manager for your desktop. command-line utility that creates several top-10 lists from the wtmp (usually in /var/log/) on your system. standalone web browser from mozilla.org, extended support release a fully transactional graph database implemented in java xml bomb protection for python stdlib modules omnet discrete event simulator. omnet is an extensible, modular, component-based c simulation library and framework, primarily for building network simulators: qt version mount your mega cloud storage with fuse fast templating engine with support for embedded perl. 钉钉linux版本 a 3d file viewer for gtk supporting a variety of file types libde265 plugin (an open h.265 video codec implementation) for gstreamer doom iii standalone mod based on the thief series by looking glass studios truetype font metrics parser platform for publishing spatial data and interactive mapping applications to the web smart console frontend for the cdrkit/cdrtools & dvdrw-tools. mariadb connector/c is used to connect applications developed in c/c to mariadb and mysql databases. a single bash script to create blogs. distcc services package for arm extended verification for git tags a tool to automate modification of pkgbuilds using patch documentation for oracle java development kit run your bitrise.io automations offline test::reporter - sends test results to cpan-testers@perl.org python module for scanning information on running processes, including mappings, open file-descriptors, process owner, and other information provides access to qobject or qml objects from html clients for seamless integration of qt applications with html/javascript clients ros - the dynamicedt3d library implements an inrementally updatable euclidean distance transform (edt) in 3d. a low-level interface to a number of amazon web services. this is the foundation for the aws cli as well as boto3 validations mixin for ruby objects and support for hanami. webex dependencies ruby bindings for the aubio audio library a project to create artificial intelligence opponent(s) for the card game race for the galaxy. currently, the base game and all three expansions are supported. simple wiki implementation with built-in webserver ncurses gui to browse and command-line tool to dump all contents of a keepass2 database files (kdbx) ign software development kit python api for youtube print all known information about all available opencl platforms and devices in the system a simple python library for easily displaying tabular data in a visually appealing ascii table format crossplatform gui-texteditor along perl alike paradigms runs trigger on journal messages a simple asynchronous static file server djvu support for zathura multi-backend gui/cli tool to set the desktop wallpaper. tool for running commands on remote hosts using kerberos authentication drmr is an lv2 sampler plugin that can play hydrogen drumkits. this version enables plugin state saving using strings. a gtk graphical user interface for managing tasks in taskwarrior ros - mobile robot simulator http://rtv.github.com/stage. vcs fastimport/fastexport parser wx-perl-processstream - access io of external processes via events python configuration manager a lm_sensors plugin for the xfce panel with nvidia gpu support native helper for web login using lithuanian identity cards (for sodra, vmi, &c) a light blue xfce theme, introduced in the release of xubuntu 10.10 python is a high-level scripting language. stackless is an experimental implementation that supports continuations, generators, microthreads, and coroutines. convert m4b audio books to a group of mp3 files by chapter the most intuitive and feature-rich remote control for spotify for linux. ruby bindings for libnotify, a library for desktop notifications a gimp script that heal selection using resynth plugin. an irc bouncer with modules & scripts support a fluidsynth qt gui interface (git version) c/c ide. 30-day evaluation. ros - camera_calibration allows easy calibration of monocular or stereo cameras using a checkerboard calibration target. read arch news from your cli a beautiful persian font based on dejavu font. userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat isku devices a 3d application server used to create a virtual environment or world bittorrent client based on libtorrent-rasterbar (without x support) a c library interface to the lv2 plug-in standard minimalistic, flat, black and white theme for refind. a vim plugin for managing your runtimepath bright clusters management gui application core dnf plugins alps core libraries for numerical simulations of condensed matter systems. very fast, header only, c logging library extract and modify iptc (metadata) information on images bitstream loader for papilio one fpga board. a simple ocaml client for google services. canon ij printer driver (for e400 series) a graphical hardware temperature monitor for linux libyaml binding for lua standalone web browser from mozilla.org - unbranded version perl/cpan module pdf::reuse::barcode: create barcodes for pdf documents with pdf::reuse moksha memory module, which displays ram usage - built from git sources manual pages for php, generated from latest documentation (alternative to pman) xgraph is a general purpose x-y data plotter with interactive buttons for panning, zooming, printing, and selecting display options. a utility for testing and controlling live gstreamer 1.0 pipelines. it will inspect the specified pipeline to create the gtk gui automagically using introspection a virtual network service for openstack - metaplug in plugin c-base linear construct font wired and wireless network manager for linux - gtk client bitmap version of the gnu unifont convert strings to english program identifiers wrapper scripts for using cmake with the frc toolchain is a small, clear and fast audio player for linux written in c, supported by the qt framework. it uses gstreamer as audio backend. create a dbix::class::schema based on a database a highly configurable toolkit for training 3d/2d cnns and general neural networks a git-annex special remote using rclone printf-style format-strings for user-defined string conversion interactive parallel visualization and graphical analysis tool (built with build_visit). the high-end upsampling multichannel software hd-audio player c source code documentation generator lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-9970cdw python bindings to picosat (a sat solver) tcp/udp network testing tool - simple, easy to use, with interesting feature set. a free/open-source library for quantitative finance. the latest version of a turn-based strategy game on a fantasy world simplified and community-driven man pages (git version) resize or rotate jpeg and png images. a library for portable low-level access to video, audio and input (version 2, development version) powerful front-end for iptables aimed at system-administrators who need a decent firewall, but dont have netfilter specific knowledge emulates an airport express for the purpose of streaming music from itunes and compatible ipods and iphones cycling power analysis software. we believe that cyclists and triathletes should be able to download their power data to the computer of their choice, analyze it in whatever way they see fit, and share their methods of analysis with others. perl module for representing an itunes library window-switch is a client server tool to start and control virtual desktops a doom 3 mod based on the phantasm horror movies pulseaudio command line control this plugin provides support for the mpeg-1 and mpeg-2 video codecs and the mpeg container. it can be used to author dvds, vcds and svcds. lpr driver for brother mfc-6490cw multifunction network printer kde library for regional holiday information a ppx rewriter that inlines reverse application operators `|>` and `|!` the official ubuntu mate gtk theme (forked from moka project's orchis gtk theme) the gnu debugger for the arm64 target python-based ocr package using recurrent neural networks (formerly ocropus) japanese serif font from letterpress printing glyph an interactive mtp client implemented in c using qt toolkit qt4 plugin which turns all qsystemtrayicon into statusnotifieritems. hardcode-tray version an easy-to-use window manager of simple design lightscribe simple labeler a musical top down shooter a gnome application to organise documents or references, and ultimately generate a bibtex bibliography file a simple and easy to use image viewer. x-apps project. xstatic-angular-bootstrap a wrapper for the juniper network connect client (ncsvc) and the pulse secure client (pulsesvc) porting windows dynamic link libraries to linux the client tools for the openshift platform that allow for application management. small program wich allow to create easily a ssh connexion with a raspberry pi. sound theme for linux desktop made by japanimation voice actor 'tadokoro azusa' and opensourcesoftwarechannel. this is made for cheering libreoffice a plugin for pidgin which displays the music track currently playing. a little tool to access gdbm files from shell calculates electron microscopy movie frame sums using alignment results from unblur firmware for asix sigma logic analysers customize your favorite web sites with user styles. application intended to help in testing and writing regular expressions data::alias - comprehensive set of aliasing operations split flac/ape/wv/wav  cue sheet into separate tracks. git version. memoize method return values. ros - persistent storage of ros messages. an advanced and very efficient png image optimizer with lossless and lossy modes (uses wine) makes entry_points specified in setup.py load more quickly an open video codec developed by the xiph.org (mingw-w64) an open source plugin for free energy calculations in molecular systems which works together with some of the most popular molecular dynamics engines. perixx mx 2000 ii gaming mouse driver fast, easy, and free bittorrent client (gtk gui)(git version from github repository) a sound toolkit for scripting languages (tcl, python, ruby, ...) the tastiest api documentation system. a simple fltk pdf viewer secure coding validation tool for drupal built on php_codesniffer and modeled after work on drupalcs in the coder module ip subnet calculator for python. edcl scripting tool cryptcat is the standard netcat enhanced with twofish encryption most commonly needed test functions and features. paragon ntfs & hfs for linux driver. - acls removed. dkms version enhanced virtual terminal emulator widget for use with gtk3 (patched with support for fullwidth emoji) interface to the vcg graphing tool tiny & big: grandpa's leftovers - a 3d jump-and-slice platformer (humble bundle version) a command-line client for diaspora* the extensible, customizable, self-documenting real-time display editor, without x11 support patched for 24bit colouring amateur (ham) radio transceiver control program a helper like namcap that checks and offers solutions for common problems in git submissions to the aur solarized theme for kcolorchooser. cli to interactively merge *.pacnew in /etc a c/c library that implements domainkeys identified mail (dkim) (rfc4871). mime type for archlinux packages a seismic processing and research environment developed at the center for wave phenomena, colorado school of mines gobject-based multi-platform gui toolkit (git version) a work-in-progress specification of the egl external platform interface for modern window systems - git support of mirics msi001  msi2500 sdr devices (yet another flavour of libmirisdr) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a fast and sensitive adapter trimmer for illumina paired-end sequences a feature rich image viewer including a gui meta search for nzb indexers a library of extensions to ruby's array and string classes that allow indentation manipulation of strings and arrays of strings. brother hl-l2300d cups driver override lwp's http/https backend with your own psgi application python datetimes made easy eclipse based jasper reports generator a global name system of sorts. an interface to the raspberry pi's gpio and other peripherals a virtual network service for openstack - ovsvapp plugin agent storm is a command line tool to manage your hosts at sshconfig a plasmid editor tm-align is a computer algorithm for protein structure alignment using dynamic programming and tm-score rotation matrix analyzes the video picture and generates output data for so called 'atmolight' controllers softphone for voice over ip and im communication using sip c library for encoding, decoding and manipulating json data (mingw-w64) a simple user centric ebook reader which displays multiple ebooks formats uniformly mysqltuner - review configuration quickly and make adjustments to increase performance and stability - git checkout static assets for the pixelated user agent ui terminal based jukebox with playlist management chinese poems for fortune-mod simple library to read epub files using glib fuse implementation that mounts picasa, youtube, and google docs on your filesystem a python parser for mediawiki wikicode make selected sub calls evaluate at compile time a small libmad/oss mp3 player. desktop-independent graphical login manager for x11 with xdm support replacement for urlview with html context and other improvements. keepassx monochrome tray icons for light panels in faenza style open source h265/hevc video encoder (mingw-w64) simple python 2 deluge client free open-source sql full-text search engine (svn version, with libsphinxclient, with systemd support) a simple static analyzer a class for typesetting flashcards. hpgl plotting software to drive a serial vinyl cutter. inconosalata lgc for powerline provides additional functions to vdr's recordings menu varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko a lightweight and highly configurable tiling window manager for x. none python bindings for the mastodon rpc api a c port of log4j a powerful light-weight programming language designed for extending applications migrate roster from one jabber server to another this module can be used to generate web feeds in both atom and rss format. it has support for extensions. included is for example an extension to produce podcasts. cisco router emulator. application designed to offer you a simple and intuitive facebook chat client a random level maker for games based on the doom engine pokémon core series save editor, programmed in c#. the kinematics and dynamics library is a framework for modelling and computation of kinematic chains (python2 binding) a set of symbols and convience functions that all indicators would like to use (gtk 2 library) epson printer driver (wf-m1030, wf-m1560) change the wheel behaviour of logitech's mx-revolution mouse. none mako support for your concierge template files. lightweight and user-friendly e-mail client. latest official beta version. unofficial command-line client for https://github.com/dutchcoders/transfer.sh (https://transfer.sh) share a file easy with >transfersh filepath< tty2gif let you record scripts and their outputs into both binary and gif formats. python natural language processing library (pronounce as: pineapple). contains various modules useful for common, and less common, nlp tasks. includes full folia library. like inetd, but for websockets. turn any application that uses stdio/stdout into a websocket server. tag: instantly jump to your ag matches (precompiled binary from official repository) ros - 3d interactive marker communication library for rviz and similar tools. a tool that can generate skeleton test classes from production code classes and vice versa. makes socket connection using socks4/5 and http tunnel. web browser from mozilla.org, nightly build, russian version c compiler for 6502 family microprocessors ros - voxel_grid provides an implementation of an efficient 3d voxel grid. jslint wrapper for python small program that will create a voodoo doll for an ethernet interface this is the latest stable release of compiz without de deps (gtk window decorator) command line tool to set the wacom intuos4 tablet’s led displays firefox/thunderbird javascript module for topmenu. kernel headers for the zettabyte file system. a very condensed type. accomplishes horizontal compression while keeping a strong personality. ros - rqt_console provides a gui plugin for displaying and filtering ros messages. a fully-featured word processor bitcoin blockchain query protocol cli spotify client undelete and data recovery software de novo assembly of rna-seq data using abyss java cryptography extension (jce) unlimited strength jurisdiction policy files 8 real time spectrum analyzer (audio) a thing with a message method least-squares minimization with constraints for python finding errors using n-gram data, english text larch: (partly compulsory) components for the live system simple monitoring of system events data structures for php 7. apache cassandra nosql database solidity mode package for emacs module for the fog gem to support sakura no cloud open-source implementation of the activesync protocol epson printer driver (xp-510) markdown translator producing html5 and roff documents in the ms and man formats python libraries used by ipa client aka path.py, implements path objects as first-class entities a gtk podcast manager home directory for justbrowsing thomas was alone, a minimalistic puzzle-platformer (humble bundle version) offers access to the mediathek of different german tv stations (ard, zdf, arte, etc.) regex functionality from glibc (mingw-w64) a text editing program. turtl lets you take notes, bookmark websites, and store documents for sensitive projects. a simple irc client plugin to add ruby language support to qtcreator ide. epson printer driver (px-204, px-504a) reference implementation of a wayland compositor yet another flowmeter. processes packet data from pcap dumpfiles as generated by tcpdump or via live captures from an interface python bindings for the oculus rift additional xfs filesystem utilities hunt down those wild new apps. returns the most recently added aur packages. vpnc support for netctl yet another media infrastructure: intel va-api media codecs with hardware acceleration squidguard is a url redirector to use blacklists with the proxysoftware squid an easier way to sign openpgp keys over the local network. ros - xacro (xml macros) xacro is an xml macro language. extremely fast non-cryptographic hash algorithm (library) an install helper program for items served on opencollaborationservices (ocs). replacing xdgurl binaries for the elm programming language virtual filesystem implementation for gio, nosystemd version (mtp backend; android, media player) the default wallpapers for ubuntu (from 9.10 to 17.10) perl parser for tom's obvious, minimal language libtrace is a library for trace processing rpki-rtr client library a very tall, narrow, thin, sans serif font. a statusbar widget for perl/tk yet another neat condensed font. based on gohufont. ros - rqt_bag provides a gui plugin for displaying and replaying ros bag files. cmu sphinx g2p model for french support for microsoft sidewinder x4 / x6 and logitech g105 / g710. packs commonjs/amd modules for the browser. support loaders to preprocess json, jsx, es7, css, less files arch linux 32 pgp keyring ros - robot-independent gazebo plugins for sensors, motors and dynamic reconfigurable components. a python chess library with move generation/validation and pgn/polyglot/gaviota/syzygy/uci support a silly little tool to get info from archlinux.org/packages all-in-one software for remote support and online meetings a port of ruby on rails inflector to python system storage manager (ssm) provides easy to use command line interface to manage your storage using various technologies like lvm, btrfs, encrypted volumes and possibly more - git checkout a collection of python packages for data analysis at synchrotron radiation facilities. a modular plugin host for jack and lv2. gawk extension - interface to the gd graphics library browsable output shell a powerful open source sequencer engine written in c. a tool for generating flame graphs for python processes. writes files into rom images for ti calculators common open research emulator notify about netlink changes - git checkout simple fps limiter tcl/tk based animation tool for viewing network simulation traces and real world packet traces delaycut corrects delay and is also able to cut audio files coded ac3, dts, mpa and wav. it's also able to fix crc errors in ac3 and mpa files. (git version) a pluggable command-line frontend, including commands to setup package file layouts proprietary driver for dell 2155cd, 2155cdn printers making transparent gif images the websocket library in c a circuit simulation tool written by plexim (license needed, only demo mode available otherwise) c class libraries for network-centric, portable applications, complete edition with debug libraries ros - map_server provides the map_server ros node, which offers map data as a ros service. eb library for several dictionary formats, including epwing concurrent, on-the-fly audio programming language convert your /proc/mdstat file into an object usable in python a custom gnome-shell theme named viva (blue and orange version) editor for building and debugging modern web and cloud applications (insiders version) extract git patchset from notmuch emails helper daemon for netctl-gui. a part of netctl-gui a more flexible replacement for libevent's httpd api (git develop branch). driver for the brother mfc-j6920dw printer kernel module for realtek rtl8192du usb wireless devices. python 3 implementation of wxpython common files for pzl games. python interface to debians bug tracking system grub2 gfxmenu theme. customizable weather plasmoid script for taking notes and open urls with taskwarrior lisp macros for c yet another computer algebra system visual studio code for linux, open source version from git cli and ruby client library for travis ci croatian language pack for firefox beta use a dropbox (shared) folder as a true git remote getopt::std is nice but it could be even easier to use... general purpose tile map editor a high quality mpeg audio layer iii (mp3) encoder (32 bit) review, annotate, and edit pdf documents freebox tv service discovery cookie string generator / parser powerful disassembler library for x86/amd64 ros - the pluginlib package provides tools for writing and dynamically loading plugins using the ros build infrastructure. a distributed privacy aware social network (mysql) bowtie 2 is an ultrafast and memory-efficient tool for aligning sequencing reads to long reference sequence. a git extension for generic high-level git workflow support a network tool designed to take advantage of some weakness in different network protocols embedded php sapi library fast indexing library for the manatee corpus management tool (a part of nosketch engine) cgi and fcgi sapi for php realtime application thread priority tuning library for computation using data flow graphs for scalable machine learning meta package for installing all required openrazer packages. xcb terminal emulator memory only cache of live references development files for the x.org x server - git interface for polish-english collins dictionary (library) pulsar is an torrent finding and streaming engine for kodi provides functionality for small opengl programs; wayland version open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. rave wallpaper collection 1 by ravefinity extended attribute support library for acl support (x32 abi) fast and secure tunneling daemon (git version) this module subclasses class::accessor in order to provide lvalue accessor makers. javascript ide and html editor. a skinnable analog clock adesklet spark: sparklines for your shell a bioinformatics program for analyzing microbial communities data deduplication engine, supporting optional compression and public key encryption updated and enhanced throwing mod for minetest (adds many bows and arrows). ham radio contesting logger red icon theme for xfce tasn1-3 library (shared objects) tunein radio lua script for vlc 2.x mozilla extension to store passwords and form logins in gnome-keyring. popular, blazing fast open source enterprise search platform from the apache lucene project pascal sdl 2 headers a clock/calendar for your system tray a font designed to look like an old epson fx-80 printer. pulseaudio emulation for alsa (32-bit) the saw scripting language. d-bus service and gnome shell extension to monitor webcam access. file manager task execution tool & library pidgin plugin that merges the buddy list window with a conversation window. albert extension for easily evaluating mathematica statements flexible, powerful, server-side application for playing music. minimal version with only flac playback through socket connection as user. sogou pinyin for linux an unofficial library for querying the humble bundle api (git version) highly scalable and easy-to-use tool suite for profiling, event tracing, and online analysis of hpc applications. a tiny perl extension to generate cryptographically-secure random bytes. tamil language pack for firefox beta ros - effort_controllers. manhole for accessing asyncio applications extensions to idle, the python ide an application dedicated to tracking user's head movements and relaying the information to games and flight simulation software asynchronous redis client for the tornado web server. chakra’s cli package manager nfs-ganesha supports both the nfs and 9p protocols. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine web-based user interface for motion gtk gui for connman gui for touchegg interface to graphviz’s dot language a tetris like war game the pedantic dotfiles manager an 'umbrella' package that contains a pair of pure addons, pure-stlvec and pure-stlmap. these addons provide pure interfaces to a selection of containers provided by the c standard library, specialized to hold pointers to arbitrary pure expressions. a disk cleaning utility for developers. controls the kubernetes cluster manager simple tray icon for compiz 0.8 avro phonetic bangla typing for linux a path::class type library for mouse an object oriented c wrapper for curl tool. a multi-platform toolkit (v1) (32-bit) osvr driver for use with the htc vive (including vive pre) graphical viewer for microsoft access database files common data files for freeminer and freeminer-server a mind-bending, time travel, cartoon puzzle adventure game. (humble bundle) ros - rqt_logger_level provides a gui plugin for configuring the logger level of ros nodes. stripe python bindings dbus service which allows managing selinux configuration memory hacking library for dwarf fortress and a set of tools that use it including text will be text plugin behaviour-driven development, python style a gpu temperature monitoring dockapp (for windowmaker, openbox, afterstep etc) demonstration application for exploring ibutton or 1-wire® chip features stitch and create 360° videos automatically with autopano video pro (trial version). collection for all kinds of pgp related things, including signing scripts, party preparation scripts etc. generic menu for swc-based compositors - ametisf fork thimbleweed park westpac balance and transaction history scraper snowshoe is an open source project to build a cross platform browser application with multiple user interfaces while sharing the same core engine, based on qt5 and webkit2 technologies. a video editing system namecoin is a decentralized open source information registration and transfer system based on the bitcoin cryptocurrency. vim syntax highlighting for routeros configuration files orchestrator command line client python library for pushover notification service. (python2 version) user shellscript-powered library for awesome wm, for widgets and something else an asn.1 compiler a reverse engineered driver for the clevo p15sm/p17sm/p170em/w230st/w350stq/w370st/w650sr/w670sr/w740su backlight keyboard c shell ncurses player for soundcloud tracks in ruby an improbable web debugger through websockets (client only) python client library for ceilometer a kf5 plasmoid, which interacts with netctl. a part of netctl-gui ros - robot_model contains packages for modeling various aspects of robot information, specified in the xml robot description format (urdf). open-source implementation of the fmi open standard renew let's encrypt ssl with full (strict) ssl and no webroot possibility a new lightweight, easy-to-use, feature-rich email client (beta version) an advanced and beautiful pastebin written in php command gopkgs list your installed go packages for import an efficient compressor with very fast decompression gcp is a file copy tool, freely inspired from cp, but with a few high-level functionnality. man pages for the fortran language extension for sending keys to urxvt via fifo ultimate trading experience a simple python library for human readable file sizes (or anything sized in bytes). microsoft azure command-line tools storage command module a c standard library implementation intended for use on embedded systems (arm bare metal) linaro git version a simple program that colorizes android debug bridge (adb)'s logcat output on a terminal window. the ptp daemon (ptpd) implements the precision time protocol (ptp) as defined by the relevant ieee 1588 standard. ptp version 2 implements ieee-1588-2008. ptp was developed to provide very precise time coordination of lan connected computers. patched version of rsync that prevents it from using disk cache through parameter --drop-cache perform network trace of a single process by using network namespaces. a small script to convert djvu files to pdf files gkrellm plugin to display cpu speed (useful for clock stepping) low level virtual machine yubico yubikey personalization library and tool - git checkout a collection of utilities to make/extract a yaffs2/yaffs1 image for linux. very customizable imageboard/booru downloader with powerful filenaming features. visual hardware notifications for linux. (bazaar version) a small tool based on qt4 to display battery stats in system tray sendxmpp is the xmpp equivalent of sendmail. it is an alternative to the old sendxmpp written in perl. return to castle wolfenstein native linux single player data via steam fast gaussian processes for regression apertium language data for the macedonian-bulgarian translator. extensible archive format simple battery status notifier command line crypto portfolio edit files from an ssh session in textmate a set of miscellaneous humorous manpages (don't take them too seriously!). http_load is a webserver performance testing tool. tool to run a process in jailed environment major mode for the arduino language. breeze dark icons set for libreoffice. you should select it under tools->options->view tests strings for equality, with more helpful failures command-line utility to allow for editing directory contents with an editor a secure socket tunneling protocol (sstp) server. a port of many plan 9 libraries and programs to unix. ensure /usr/local/lib/pythonx is in sys.path a library to support openstreetmap's protocolbuffer binary format (osm pbf) gajim plugin for omemo multi-end message and object encryption. an x-cursor theme inspired by macos and based on kde breeze (hidpi) the latin modern math (lm math) font multi-platform policy server for popular mtas free opengl rally car racing game aard 2 dictionary: tool to convert xdxf (visual) dictionaries to slob format doom 3 engine with native 64-bit support, sdl, and openal view layer for hanami. python serialization module (build for pypy from git) a french male voice for the mbrola synthesizer unload bluetooth modules from gdm instance of pulseaudio. fixes availability a2dp profile of bluetooth headset a tool to switch between windows using keyboard a controller for usb driven led backlights. an unofficial fork. move the dash out of the overview transforming it in a dock gobject-based multi-platform gui toolkit (v3) w/ fixes & extra features lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j4625dw modbus rtu master device emulator for pc pod-abstract - abstract document tree for perl pod documents script that allows you to download spotify songs or playlists from youtube a wonderful circular icon pack inspired by osx! basic port of mustache templating to c legend of kyrandia, book 1 - old dos game, floppy version, french langage solarized color scheme for midnight commander truetype font rendering library (psp) an afrikaans male voice for the mbrola synthesizer a powerful, open source object-relational database system ros - rqt plugin for monitoring ros processes. a html5 client for the spice protocol record, convert and stream audio and video (all possible features including nvenc, qsv and libfdk-aac; git version) integrates eve-ng (aka unetlab) with linux desktop a high-performance theorem prover (with java bindings) a control-point-based perspective rectification tool provides a bidirectional mapping data structure and related functionality to naturally work with one-to-one relations in python 3 tool to convert markdown to restructed text (md to rst) a standalone jack audio compressor a fork of the atheme irc services open graph drawing framework : self-contained c class library for the automatic layout of diagrams. offers sophisticated algorithms and data structures to use within your own applications or scientific projects cursor theme from osx a state of the art, easy to use sip client pydio sync client - qt5 ui starman launcher identify key feature points within arbitrary images an action-puzzle game inspired by lemmings chicken scheme egg: thread-safe queues with timeout an extension of groff that permits to view utf-8 encoded man pages software framework for rapid visualization prototyping domain dns scanner script the ovirt guest agent open source conditional access module software ruby bindings for libpcap read and filter web feeds. xerox unix print drivers an application for building and managing phars. linux support for the ems nds adapter. a better perl api for servicenow exact inference engine for probabilistic programs a 'json' command for massaging json on the command line debian manage translated debconf templates files with gettext a full-featured command-line irc-like xmpp (jabber) client nanomsg bindings for c11. quickly and easily run rust "scripts" node based visual scripting system designed for motion graphics in blender. an application launcher dockapp supporting png files and transparency an efficient multimedia viewer, browser and converter. a sphinx theme for qtextbrowser a plugin for the google protocol buffer compiler to generate vala code. synchronization tool fortune quotes from the fresh prince of bel-air uzbek language pack for firefox beta a free open-source montecarlo raytracing engine linux dkms kernel module to allow use of extra keys on the azio levetron mech5 keyboard (azio-levetron-mech5-linux-driver) deadbeef vkontakte plugin a gtk2 theme with colors black, gray and white. fragmentarium is an open source, cross-platform ide for exploring pixel based graphics on the gpu doom 3 engine. you need the retail .pk4 files to play. next generation code editor and ide with instant feedback. static site generator ros - the containers included here are intended to extend the stl containers. perl xs frontend to the xapian c search library. the gnu compiler collection for multilib (4.5.x) ip traffic volume logger using iptables regular expression for ipv6 addresses lightweight music dsp library a small tool to let you perform a dhcp-request to find out if a dhcp-server is still running. vdr xineliboutput sxfe frontend. this package does not contain the vdr plugin. random playback manager for audacious provides access to sensor hardware and motion gesture recognition a linter for terraform code pure python wrapper for libusb a logic game based on the puzzle game sokoban - data simple conntrack based traffic accounting ncep library to encode or decode bufr messages a fork of libvorbis intended to provide better quality sound at low to medium bitrates. an obs source service: running all the osc source-validator checks a git-annex special remote using pcloud generates table of contents for markdown files inside local git repository., installed through npm macports-like maintenance command of haskell cabal packages compiler and parser for constraint grammar (cg), a paradigm for robust, rule-based natural language parsing. mac font conversion utility example of a netctl profile for the wireless network of the federal university of minas gerais a gui front end for bazaar based on the qt toolkit. yet another password encryption tool an automated theorem prover for first-order logic with equality. this blender add-on connect rigid bodies via constraints in a physical plausible way a module for cross-platform control of the mouse and keyboard in python that is simple to install and use. bauer stereophonic-to-binaural dsp effect library (git version) a fast, primitive http request parser qt5 library which interacts with netctl. a part of netctl-gui an iax and sip voip softphone a static website generator powered by python & django a python plotting library, making publication quality plots management plugin for ppolicy write perl subroutines in assembler. module for the fog gem to support softlayer cloud gnu database library (mingw-w64) a sandbox for non-root users (git version) set of widgets for kivy inspired by google's material design. an open source vector graphics editor for prepress canon ij printer driver for pixma mx885 pull down transactions from your bank and create ledger transactions for them an old-school polyphonic additive synthesizer the qt installer framework used for the qt sdk installer optimized inner loop runtime compiler (mingw-w64) free music streaming player visual web-based sql modelling tool a file manager for the x window system drivers and libraries for the xbox kinect device on linux a lightweight, fast implementation of dec sixel graphics codec mozilla kde integration with kf5 support embedded js python interface to librtmp (python3 version) icinga classic ui standalone. plugin to manage repository for build systems a command-line password manager based around gnupg lightweight system monitor for x ip4r support for postgresql a tool to generate python bindings for c/c code a code search tool. (from git, build for python 3) theatre sound cue management allows building your unity projects for the webgl platform a tcl bindings for libxosd (on screen display) management plugin for applications the cursors from chrome os console based boinc-client monitor and controller intel mpi library 5.1.3 eclipse customized version for puppet ros - turtle_tf2 demonstrates how to write a tf2 broadcaster and listener with the turtlesim. the multivariate normal and t distributions. parsing html at the command line monitor file changes breath icon theme celestia addon: spacecraft: other: deep impact spacecraft a frontend for mupen64plus a bash beautifier for the masses bitbabbler hardware trng and kernel entropy source support clamav manual scanner quake 4 multiplayer demo bash script for printing info from google play music desktop player dockbarx gtk3 port. (standalone panel and mate applet) automated testing framework microblogging client for kde with support for pump.io, gnu social and twitter.com - git version editor for edc files (edje/efl) achieve some basic imposition on pdf documents storm water management model engine makes mpv automatically invoke the xrandr tool to set the best suitable parameters for the display output easy, secure backup program a cross-platform color picker. generic access to configuration files in any formats (to be in the future) macos icon theme a library for guessing information from video files. run faust signal processors in pd, purr-data version ros - this package contains a c base class for urdf parsers. graphical viewer for gnu ddrescue log files ros - ompl is a free sampling-based motion planning library. a multi-platform mpeg, vcd/dvd, and divx player (without x support) use perl::critic in test programs a simple python script for fetching data from weather underground's api a python library whose purpose is to provide 3d modeling features feeder software for flightradar24.com ros - this package provides implementations of the trajectory rollout and dynamic window approaches to local robot navigation on a plane. websocket client library for python (v0.11 for pebble) losslessly & gaplessly cut m4a (aac in mp4) files. multi-panel tabbed file manager orochi is a command line client for 8tracks.com. distributed memory object caching system indicator to take menus from applications and place them in the panel (gtk 2 library for xfce/lxde) xerox workcentre 3045 printer driver for cups. nvidia library symlinks (346 series) gnome panel applet controlling cdemu-daemon animating worms for progress bars pipe output from cli programs to seashells.io in real-time jing.fm wrapper in haskell exrdisplay and playexr openexr image viewers library for binary signature scanning. perl binding for redis database thue programming language stsci tools port allwinner xradio driver to mainline linux a free cross-platform real-time strategy gaming engine (git version) gedit 3 plugin to strip trailing whitespace on file save a web page development workshop and general programming tool a lightweight monacoin wallet unified remote server python gssapi wrapper command-line json processor a generic library support script (git version) nodejs-based tool for optimizing svg vector graphics files extra icons for tango a language for image processing and computational photography, precompiled version. common library for sphinx speech recognition. an action-rpg style adventure (trial version) generation of s-expression conversion functions from type definitions per user sshfs automount using user's ssh configuration open parrot bebop video stream with any video player an aur agent for that prioritizes managing batches of packages. timeline for the moderncv latex class the quick diagnostic tool that checks the health of your seagate drive simple tagging application for django the haskell application server stack  code generation input device management and event handling library with patch to swap two and three finger tap on touchpads listen to radio stations x.org siliconmotion video driver a touchosc midi bridge for pd, pd-extended version this module allows you to add default bookmarks for users. library that implements a custom algorithm for extracting fingerprints from any audio source (32-bit) embedded development toolbox qt gui for synergy which lets you remotely control other computers. a firmware-tools plugin to add firmware extraction from vendor binaries an esp8266 rom creation tool command line utility using the fbx sdk to convert fbx/collada/obj files to a custom text/binary format for static, keyframed and skinned meshes. ldap schema for fusiondirectory cyrus plugin simple client for the spotify web api database manager for sqlite an ip-transparent tor hidden service connector pulseaudio plugin for libcanberra systemd service and user to run retroarch in stand-alone mode terminal interface for viewing git repositories swagger editor hyperkitty archive plugin for mailman musical midi accompaniment (mma) is an accompaniment generator minimal mdns resolver library omniorb is a corba object request broker for c and python. legacy version. shell combinators library. magics is the latest generation of the ecmwf's meteorological plotting software magics. fast, cross-platform, standalone clojurescript repl a text www browser, similar to lynx (1.x branch) flexible context-aware input tool with extension with a minimal set of dependencies (git version) open source implementation of the dicom standard the ide for mojo osx-arc-white theme for cinnamon, gnome, unity, xfce and gtk highly concurrent networking library new tcl/tk gui for spin replacing xspin music player and management for gnome a decentralized revision control system (bazaar) from launchpad place gnome-shell notifications under the panel instead of above the message-tray. alternative to test::more::use_ok docker composition tool for idempotently deploying multi-container apps a web browser built for speed, simplicity, and security the open source conditional access module daemon a virtual network service for openstack - python library buildbot console view plugin gnome http library with gnome integration enabled /git repo search by image of gochiusa qemu rbd block module. git version. a dynamic, open source programming language with a focus on simplicity and productivity. conversion of svgs to pngs via cairo the libxdiff library implements basic and yet complete functionalities to create file differences/patches python2 module for instruction sets documentation in a format convenient for tools development (git version) libretro implementation of fceumm. (nintendo entertainment system) handles jsonrpc and xmlrpc requests easily with django the tcl scripting language, 8.5 series the kerberos network authentication system (x32 abi) bpf compiler collection - python 2 bindings a community python library for astronomy preview image generator plugin for blender files. kf5 ver. software-rendering vulkan implementation find a minimum required version of perl for perl code kplotting the c ide for professional developers library to navigate dvd disks. (git version) next generation, high-performance debugger (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.6/) d bindings for gtk and related libraries. web service api to musicbrainz database linux::distribution - perl extension to detect on which linux distribution we are running fuse-based file system backed by amazon s3 with openssl support a community-developed analysis and visualization toolkit for volumetric data. teamviewer quicksupport - all-in-one software for remote support and online meetings - beta version aligns and merges a set of similar images in order to decrease their noise command-line utility to view rfcs, man-style a proxy tunnel wirtten in go simple x display locker bsp compile tools for quake 1 the autopsy forensic browser is a gui for the sleuth kit. fortune quotes from scrubs taudem (terrain analysis using digital elevation models) is a suite of digital elevation model (dem) tools for the extraction and analysis of hydrologic information from topography as represented by a dem. fast and general engine for large-scale data processing chip-8 (chip-48, super chip-48 v1.0 and v1.1) assembler. network multicasting tool perl binding to the ecasound sampler, recorder, fx-processor python wrapper around sox linux kernel module handling console ui for pass gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugin libraries (gst-plugins-bad, lib32) compiles finite state machines from regular languages into executable c, c, objective-c, c#, asm, d, go, java, ruby, ocaml, crack, rust or julia code. a library to provide pure ocaml functions to manipulate real file and filename (with yypkg patches) shift and scale time a featureful, general-purpose sound server with airplay/airtunes/raop v2 patchset debugger client side code for padre, the perl ide. ldap schema for fusiondirectory fusioninventory plugin the essential core of an open-xchange backend a text editor for programmers. a standalone auto-documentor similar to javadoc written in php (legacy version, if you really want it) the c network library project -- cross-platform, standards compliant networking library. postgresql extension that implements a foreign data wrapper (fdw) for remote databases using odbc a series of convenience functions to make basic image processing asier with opencv mr.boom is a 8 players bomberman clone python parser for the shuttle radar topography mission elevation data more than 80 gpl3 licensed guile scheme libraries object oriented interface for searching and manipulating ldap-entries a library for making raw sql queries to relational databases. a mostly matlab-compatible fuzzy logic toolkit for octave. mit photonic-bands: computation of photonic band structures in periodic media a proximity detector for your mobile phone via bluetooth. voice recordings for freeswitch multi-algo cpuminer & reference cryptonote miner (json-rpc 2.0) system for processing and editing of unstructured 3d models arising in 3d scanning (qt5 version) robobrowser is a simple, pythonic library for browsing the web without a standalone web browser. find alternative optimised for finding files rather then listing files simplert - reverse tethering utility for android a c header-only library for nearest neighbor (nn) search wih kd-trees a pidgin plugin to support the proprietary protocol used by google for the hangouts service. megasync daemon client. (git version) sugar activity to read books a tiny c library used primarily for uploading textures into opengl. show information about binary files and find gadgets to build rop chains for different architectures a lua library which provides base2(bitfield), base16(hex), base32(crockford/rfc), base64(rfc/url), base85(z85) decoding and encoding for lua 5.1 tool to build the whole gnome desktop from sources assembler for the xilinx picoblaze-3 soft-core processor bidirectional synchronization using rsync keepassc is a curses-based password manager compatible to keepass v.1.x and keepassx manage service security account in the ldap the lalr parser generator used in sqlite. esp8266 fs management tool provided by adafruit class for parsing and handling url ros - this encapsulates the gl dependency for a specific ros distribution and its qt version. an editor for text-based subtitles (devel tree) bake full-featured m4b-audiobooks native go bindings for d-bus android google apis, api-23 saoimage ds9: astronomical data visualization application pragmatic python implementation of compositional performance analysis (aka the symta/s approach provided by symtavision) used for research in worst-case timing analysis. the fastermelee netplay build of the dolphin emulator a panel extension for gnome-shell as part of ozon os d language ide based on dlangui read multiple hunks of data out of your data section gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugins (mingw-w64) embed an octave interpreter into pure. klingon piqad vahbo' font. ros - a python gui plugin for introspecting available ros message types. fixes unescaped acronyms in titles in bibtex files real-time adjustable equalizer plugin for alsa sound server intel hda driver fix for the asus n551jm/n551jk laptop perl6::doc - perl 6 documentation a lightweight, cross-platform file manager with a dual-pane interface written in java truetype version of the gnu unifont irssi fish plugin imagine is a pandoc filter that will turn codeblocks tagged with certain classes into images or ascii art.. monitor a group of processes with mon ros - rqt_shell is a python gui plugin providing an interactive shell. the virgil3d rendering library is a library used by qemu to implement 3d gpu support for the virtio gpu ros - packages for interfacing ros with opencv, a library of programming functions for real time computer vision. frameworks api documentation tools a hierarchical matrix c/c library porters stemming algorithm for swedish. an advanced doom engine that supports doom, heretic and hexen. netflow as netfilter extension. login manager for steam, allowing fast switching between accounts a simple null (transparent) bnc (development version) compile and install ruby bot sentry is a pidgin plugin to prevent instant message spam. celestia addon: spacecraft: earth orbit: apollo-soyuz test project beamer theme for case western reserve university. let your computer welcome you with music just a humongous clock for the terminal a particle physics package for storing collision events from monte carlo generators. init system/service manager built around s6 supervision suite german hunspell dictionaries, no de_be, de_li and de_lu symlinks emoji for python an optimized blas library based on gotoblas2 1.13 bsd view helpers for ruby applications. javalike stacktrace for elf binaries simple gtk hex editor pulseaudio emulation for alsa, x86_64 multilib version unofficial lv2 ports of 50m30n3's synthesizers the gnu avr compiler collection (from atmel) gtk download manager featuring download classification and html import flexible barcode and adapter removal for sequencing platforms enjoy twitch on your gnu/linux desktop panel indicator for taskwarrior a brazilian portuguese male voice for the mbrola synthesizer automatically apply roles at object creation time a cross-platform, visual database design tool developed by mysql - git checkout modsecurity v3 nginx connector (module for mainline nginx) sphinx extension that automatically documents argparse commands and options. ros - rqt_image_view provides a gui plugin for displaying images using image_transport. jordyn-system-info is a system infomation tool written in python 2, and is also a fork of archey. boot image for the coprocessor of intel® manycore platform software stack icd-10 lookup application a tool for creating and managing heroku apps from the command line a personal and small-business financial-accounting application with bitcoin support monacoin is a peer-to-peer network based digital currency. this packages provides already compiled binaries. plasmoid for plasma 5. shows uptime information. extension to ast that allow ast -> python code generation. pil. provides image processing capabilities for python arcan command line clipboard manager rwhois (referral whois) is a directory services protocol which extends and enhances the whois concept in a hierarchical and scalable fashion. ros - low-level build system macros and infrastructure for ros. firebird php pdo extension fortune cookies: jayce about his os, multideskos. dsp library derived from speex (mingw-w64) hyperdex is a scalable, searchable key-value store minecraft resource pack editor by mightypork aerofoil design software based on panel2d with considerable enhancements. minimal cgi and fastcgi library webapp for zarafa a collection of tools for working with opus files (git version) debugger, indenter and htmlizer for sed scripts. installer script for tetra codecs , based on https://github.com/sq5bpf/install-tetra-codec/. this pkgbuild does not contain source code or binaries from etsi, it merely downloads and compiles them toolset to translate psf format consolefonts into text files and text files into psf files. download images from google image in nodejs modern graphical system monitor, mate panel applet a dsp tonewheel organ emulator constructing hardware in a scala embedded language c bindings for avro data serialization framework automated tool for checking known (public) cves open source xmpp client for web scientific visualization and analysis software for atomistic simulation data particle io and manipulation library (git version) a markdown like conversion tool for shell terminals. a simple argument parser for python the berkeley db embedded database system 4.5 python bindings for cityhash calculate the similarity of two strings experimental filters, tables, queues, etc. for opensmtpd make firefox look and behave like vim next generation of the python high-level scripting language a tool for eve online that finds the shortest path between solar systems (including wormholes) a vlsi layout system track your portfolio performance (finance) library requirements of the opencl c programming language (git version) libraries for building reactive services in perl6 - tls part zip and gzip library for ocaml a curses frontend to livestreamer. asynchronous flask using aiohttp. qemu rbd block module. git version. ros - image_pipeline fills the gap between getting raw images from a camera driver and higher-level vision processing. the amdgpu pro opencl implementation the only pure java subversion library in the world advanced python scheduler is a light but powerful in-process task scheduler collection of italian fortune cookie files a clipboard history dockable application for window maker view http headers of a page and while browsing. launcher, file manager, one-way terminal gdm support library including plymouth support project to support graphical lc displays connected to the pc a tibetan font, monlam bod-yig trauma is a unique photographic experience by game designer krystian majewski. dive into the mind of a traumatized young woman to learn and understand. creates table of when the blue hour, the golden hour, or whatever you want occurs molecular editor and viewer perl/cpan module template::plugin::json::escape: adds a .json vmethod and a json filter. network game written with opengl and qt. 3d maze. beta. secure, decentralized, and fault-tolerant filesystem. open source groupware solution ros - generic and simple controls framework a kde4 plasmoid, which interacts with netctl. a part of netctl-gui define and run complex applications using docker ros - this library contains wrappers for generating floating point values, integers, quaternions using boost libraries. a small but very powerful text-based mail client python library and cli tool for searching and downloading subtitles. icedtea-web browser plugin  java webstart - documentation files a full function array ibus input method fonts from adobe acrobat reader dc a tool to fix some common issues with tarballs pylint plugin for improving code analysis for when using django ros - rqt_service_caller provides a gui plugin for calling arbitrary services. mar77i's basic c datatypes collection generate efficient regexps to match strings in emacs a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (32-bit) ros - cpp_common contains c code for doing things that are not necessarily ros related, but are useful for multiple packages. pic programming utilities compatibility result module (git master) this is topbar for deepin. start a search from a visual block in vim a macintosh ii emulator that runs a/ux sophisticated text editor for code, html and prose - dev build a tool for static c/c code analysis. development component for outspline graphical editing tool for uml based on eclipse. converts photoshop .abr and paint shop pro .jbr brushes to gimp .gbr. free messaging app for services like whatsapp, slack, messenger and many more. open source dab and dab software defined radio a command line utility to control the volume convert html to tikiwiki markup a nested x server that runs as an x application - git standard library for d programming language, gdc port useful mathematical functions not in perl. encrypt luks volumes on system suspend a set of general-purpose c programming libraries the gnu compiler collection for the mips-elf architecture server side of vomp caching mechanism for freedesktop.org compliant menus bus1 out-of-tree kernel module python <--> lisp layer emulator of the acorn archimedes and riscpc computers. a linux tool for the mikroelektronika avrprog2 programming hardware. ocaml library for continuation-passing style lexing a plyouth theme based on fedora's charge theme, but featuring the archlinux logo. this version has a larger logo than the regular variant. a simple markup processor around html, troff, and latex, converts plain text to other formats. x firewall proxy (f.lux for x) changes monitor color temperature adaptively to ease eye strain (command-line version) cooper hewitt font northern sámi (se/sme) dictionary for hunspell encode characters for latex formatting markdown plugin for geany automatic movie downloading via nzbs & torrent a tool which controls the generation of executables and other non-source files of a program from the program's source files c library for interfacing with echo nest ros - 3d interactive marker communication library for rviz and similar tools. apertium language data for the occitan-catalan translator. a free program to learn music allow anyone to easily watch their favorite movies, shows, and anime fantasy action rpg using the flare engine - git version an online multiplayer turn based strategy game and board game engine. a simple gopher client and server ros - this package contains a ros wrapper for openslams gmapping. stylish top panel that holds indicators and spawns an application launcher (without gala dependencies) miscellaneous system utilities for linux a git plugin that helps in the event of an emergency. embedded software for stm32 h7 series this is the command line tool for json resume, the open source initiative to create a json-based standard for resumes. a modern and intuitive terminal-based text editor fan control daemon for odroid xu4 a simple virtual terminal emulator for x. patched for a jellybeans-inspired colorscheme. a translator library for raster geospatial data formats, with support to hdf4 format (required to use modistsp tool: http://github.com/lbusett/modistsp) an add-on that provides comfortable browsing experience for emacs users, but its target users are not limited to. interfaces between sugar and telepathy connection managers embed the glib main loop into ev websocket client library for c. use external locker as x screen saver a kernel module for realtek 8812au network cards with dkms support, with monitor mode and injection support apparmor vim support selinux aware pam (pluggable authentication modules) library a wavetable lv2 plugin synth, targeted at the electronic / dubstep genre the odb common runtime library a gui to create reveal presentations a fast, accurate direct solver and determinant computation for dense linear systems a simple library to read adobe font metrics (afm) files adds static typing to javascript to improve developer productivity and code quality cross-platform mysql and postgresql gui (14-day trial) cross-platform c/c configuration system (git version, uses python3) ros - components of moveit that use ros. a virtual network service for openstack - nec plugin a python dnschain library epson image scan! plugin for epson scanners (gt-f740, gt-s640, perfection v37, perfection v370) utility which can find toolchain and compiler flags for specified mcu and generated linker script and header file if needed a gui and cli utility that takes a list of truetype fonts and generates a sample sheet in pdf jump around - tracks your most used directories, based on 'frecency'. gui application for a 'databox' - an electronic communication interface endorsed by the czech government nvidia driver utilities and libraries (beta version) (32-bit) switchboard date & time plug clipboard manager that stores all clipboard history and offers an interface to do a full-text search. jpass password manager - web application tool to show changes to system config files xmms2 client that looks like winamp classic ip routing utilities quick version of emacs a slender monospace typeface. shape: anonymous pro. a compact, efficient and fully thread-safe cross-platform gui toolkit, styled using css arc-dark colorscheme for xfce4-terminal list recent commits for arch linux packages miscellaneous procfs tools with selinux support vb2 sound format ripping utility lightweight speech recognition engine, specifically tuned for handheld and mobile devices, though it works equally well on the desktop. the amdgpu pro vdpau driver (32bit libraries) quickhash is an open-source linux gui that enables hashing of files, text, entire folder trees of files, and physical disks ros - provides conversions from pcl data types and ros message types. play sounds effects (from super mario bros (nes), zelda (nes), command & conquer or duke nukem) on common git commands the gnu bourne again shell. version 3.2. binary and manpage only. emacs major mode for the d programming language the easiest and fastest way to share files with android norwegian (bokmål) language pack for firefox beta a small pyqt color picker widget (can be run on its own) automatically dims screen when there is no user input (like a macbook :-). a fast paced jump'n'run (part iv - 'cold cash') a tiny, but robust repl for php a collaborative note taking and journal application using a stylus. scikit-rf (aka skrf) is a python package for rf/microwave engineering the ur-quan masters hd russian localization dna sequence assembly (gap4) and editing and analysis tools (spin) driver for the brother dcp-t700w wifi multifuncional printer postgresql client library (libpq) binding static site generator written in guile scheme project documentation with markdown. extension for replacing a link by a copy of the linked file common mate utilities for viewing disk usage, logs and fonts, taking screenshots, managing dictionaries and searching files (gtk3 version) some quick help for writing cli scripts. 389 administration server http agent vcs/scm source control library for svn, git, hg, and bzr simple tray icon for compiz 0.8 ros - forward_command_controller. ros - moveit tools for benchmarking. a time tracking application: collabora repository. patched to remove gnomekeyring apparmor pam library domain name parser based on the public suffix list a text-based stopwatch/countdown timer tool google play licensing client library rtbth kernel module sources for ralink rt3290 bluetooth sick of systemd? let's try out void linux! a tool for archiving and compressing old email in mailboxes tools for examining blackbox logs open source discrete element method particle simulation software format string exploitation helper a customizable generative adversarial network with good defaults. build your own content generator. string internment library with rapid string comparison genoil's ethereum gpu miner, built with opencl support a gtk utility for computing message digests or checksums (caja filemanager plugin) oracle java development kit an ad-hoc single file webserver; web offer one file css parser based on the css syntax level 3 spec. tuxonice userspace user interface nvidia drivers for linux-lqx. emacs interface to xcb ros - rqt_plot provides a gui plugin visualizing numeric values in a 2d plot using different plotting backends. mesh tool and postprocessor for cast3m, to be used within code aster bluecurve gtk engine from fedora command line implementation of pwdhash gettext but 3.5 x faster, 560 x less memory, simple, clean namespace (7 vs 34) and threadsafe! module system for gambit-c scheme asynchronous cluster syncronisation tool based on librsync and inspired by unison a c implementation of the less css compiler xml-rpc client library for kde a replacement for automake gcc cross compiler toolchain provided by raspberrypi a qml launcher similar to dmenu brother hl-1210w cups driver. after installing this, install printer from cups web interface (default localhost:631) a type safe embedded domain specific language for sql queries and results in c a netconf library in c intended for building netconf clients and servers. simple(r) object representation of an xml::libxml dom object the spring tool suite (sts) from springsource supplements unicodedata standard library module with ability to lookup and work with unicode blocks user interface builder for gtk and gnome (version 3.18.x, with support for gtkactions) a simple oscilloscope client for the bus pirate universal serial interface. installs gnome-search-tool to search for files without nautilus or gnome-desktop a python library to download and upload files from ant-fs compliant devices (garmin products). drop-in replacement for glibc nscd which is designed for simplicity and stability secret maryo chronicles generate and test domain typos and variations to detect and perform typo squatting, url hijacking, phishing, and corporate espionage. adjusts the color temperature of your screen according to your surroundings (development version) efl based terminal emulator - development version fedora 20 (heisenbug) backgrounds. spreed.memail integration for owncloud steam ncurses for both native and wine versions reference implementation of the ogg vorbis audio format debian utility to convert bdf font files to psf format. a simple pdf viewer with two layouts reverse compile man pages from formatted form to a number of source formats, formerly rman a bootp server ros - python implementation of bond, a mechanism for checking when another process has terminated. a text adventure game python ide for eclipse modern and lightweight direct connect client with a friendly ncurses interface dvblink pvr client addon for kodi latvian language pack for firefox beta command line tool for books written in markdown language. a lisp system for sawfish - git version. python client library for ironic software from physionet for viewing, analyzing, and creating recordings of physiologic signals stylishdark grub2 theme advanced maryland automatic network disk archiver network backup for linux windows clients, supports ssh, aes, gpg, encryption, tape, rait, mirror, changers, amazon s3, ipv6, dvd, ndmp, vtl, advanced scripting parallel visualization application using vtk hybrid between a torrent client and a player (torrent streaming) port of yui css compressor from java to nodejs. aviatrix vpn client. helps connect to vpn networks. supports saml and password based authentication a gnome web browser based on the webkit rendering engine. ariang, a better web frontend for aria2 (out of box version) construct and manage a dungeon, recruiting and catering for minions to run it and defend it from enemy invaders. a small tool for astronomy video sequences editing. a german female voice for the mbrola synthesizer ros - implements synchronization and coordination functionalities of stdr simulator. beos inspired xcursor theme yaql - yet another query language the industrial i/o equivalent to pciutils easy-to-use in-game world editor for minecraft, supporting both single player and multiplayer ldap schema for fusiondirectory ppolicy plugin get & set terminal ansi colors a framework for writing networked applications in c. hybris 3-d graphics library the easiest way to create virtual tunnels over tcp/ip networks with traffic shaping, compression, encryption and ipv6 support. atom file-specific icons for improved visual grepping. the hawaii terminal emulator japanese charset handler mysqltuner - review configuration quickly and make adjustments to increase performance and stability a simple session manager for tmux. utilities to use resources from novell netware servers library and tools to access filevault drive encryption (fvde) encrypted volumes a generic usb chip/smart card interface devices driver (safran morpho ypsid token) a very powerful batch file renamer for kde. kf5 version. store secrets and passwords in public git repo a tool for delivering news from rss feeds to your email program an observatory for tls configurations, x509 certificates, and more. atom is a hackable text editor for the 21st century built on electron - with transparent background support tandem repeats finder: a program to analyze dna sequences a golang implementation of json web tokens a libretro implementation of final burn alpha lightning-smart php ide. early access program. a modern, simple to use, constantly evolving and hella fast media cutter  joiner w/ frame-accurate smartcut technology  assistance from qt5, libmpv, ffmpeg and mediainfo projects. a virtual network service for openstack - metaplugin plugin ibus engine module for mozc a plugin that provides simple, effective and securely encrypted vnc sessions for ultravnc a helper program that filters information from compile_command.json and invoke oclint for static code analysis generates wave files from chiptunes the command line interface for feathers applications a csv to latex file converter a portable pathname library for common lisp rich skin pack for fcitx (contains 8 skins) simple application launcher written in vala a command-line utility for rar 2.x-3.x password cracking, uses password cracking library 2.0 that supports special password recovery language. highly optimized for all modern processors. with cuda support trained language data for tesseract ocr engine package used to retrieve resources of different kinds, e.g. http://, file://, the ros specific package://, etc. api for controlling virtualization engines (openvz,kvm,qemu,virtualbox,xen,etc) with zfs support enabled advanced key-value store boogie is an intermediate verification language (ivl) for describing proof obligations to be discharged by a reasoning engine, typically an smt solver ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. fetch-crl - the certificate revocation list retrieval tool php extension for imagick library and tools to access the virtual hard disk (vhd) image format notifications indicator for wingpanel nextcloud desktop client a cli development tool for websocket apis issue sql commands from ipython. a flat file database for json objects. a library designed to facilitate the communication between cura and its backend and similar code. extension for mercurial that allows using mercurial as a subversion client python module to validate and convert data structures (git version) rust package manager systemd hook to hibernate suspended system after a delay overlays cinema-bars over the live picture sparse solver library using gaussian elimination, with parmetis implementation android arm eabi v7a system image, api-17 boost.nowide is a library implemented by artyom beilis that make cross platform unicode aware programming easier. perl interface to the virtual terminal emulation library system for extracting the contents of windows registry. network manager configuration files for private internet access vpn web-based postgresql database browser written in go high-performance mysql proxy with a gpl license trained language data for tesseract ocr engine python bindings for network security services (nss) canon ij printer driver (for multifunction mp550 series) a gnome shell extension to enable screen edge gestures notify and log 'now playing' and 'watched' content from a plex media server  'recently added' (...and more) new suite of blast tools that utilizes the ncbi c toolkit ros - the pluginlib package provides tools for writing and dynamically loading plugins using the ros build infrastructure. a free and open torrent tracker portable and powerful unit testing framework for handling automated tests in c kms emulator in c (for activating microsoft products) control your monitor by software using the ddc/ci protocol (gui) detects and converts dvd/cd images from bin/mdf/pdi/cdi/nrg/b5i to iso-9660 znc module for the mutter irc client generate ctags-compatible tags files for markdown documents kcollectd is a small applications that allows to view rrd datacollections that have been created by collectd. a python module to annotate two versions of a list with the values that have been changed between the versions, similar to unix's diff but with a dead-simple python interface. gtk web content engine library platform game with some puzzle elements automatic recognition of astronomical images epson printer driver (px-k100) a factor graph framework for pathway inference on high-throughput genomic data firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - assamese ros - provides teleoperation using joysticks or keyboard. inter-process communication with i3, the improved tiling window manager. bitscope chart software for oscilloscopes register java runners modular in-buffer completion framework for emacs - git checkout plugin for vapoursynth: mfunc (git version) multiple sequence alignment program batman kernel module mono device programmer - this is a tool for transferring applications to a mono device. the tcl scripting language, 8.5 series allows you to put whitespace between the name of a subroutine and the opening parenthesis simple battery monitor for the system tray yafaray exporter plugin for blender interactive proof system based on first order natural deduction calculus. a beautiful and useful low-latency prompt for your shell, written in go add utf-8 support to lua, compatible with lua string module. (lua 5.1 version) ros - visualization_msgs is a set of messages used by higher level packages, such as rviz, that deal in visualization-specific data. kpart for rendering markdown content add common math operations to datetime objects gtk2 theme from opensuse 11.3 katawa shoujo: summer's clover a cli tool to get a public link for any file the spirtual successor of jacob grune's parser generator. featureful kernel including various new features, code and optimizations to better suit desktops tool for managing microsoft windows dynamic disks a slimmed down git version of libreoffice bittorrent sync - automatically sync files via secure, distributed technology (beta version) external dependencies for mwlib barco clickshare wireless presentation system software a daemon that handles the userspace side of the lio tcm-user backstore. an asyncio posgtresql driver "flight of the amazon queen" is a graphical point-and-click adventure game guile bindings for the gnu ncurses library high-performance software proxy for rtp streams / announcements an interactive, browser-based charting library for python logo interpreter written in java, to teach programming to children with a graphical turtle a simple string tokenizer. python 2 library for working with htpasswd user (only basic authorization) and group files check plugins for monitoring written in golang the lighting network daemon, for secure off-chain bitcoin transactions. dblib module for php ros - launch files to open an rgbd device and load all nodelets to convert raw depth/rgb/ir streams to depth images, disparity images, and (registered) point clouds. provide ui/kwallet integration for passwords and ssl errors on account connect an advanced rule-based (regular-expression) and unicode-aware tokenizer for various languages. tokenization is an essential first step in any nlp pipeline. a 90s crpg in every way but the release date git repository syncronisation daemon a pam module allowing authentication via an /etc/passwd-like file a modern and lightweight status bar for x window managers ros - planning components of moveit that use ros. suite of python modules allowing to connect in a safe and efficient way between a threaded python application and a database grayscale versions of moka & faba icons a tile cache and wms proxy. ros - launch files, to easily bringup server, robots, guis. telepathy connection manager for google talk zeroconf based peer to peer file transfer next generation completion framework after neocomplcache [in heavy development] a gtk interface to the hamster time tracker. chicken scheme egg: various helper macros small utility to measure tcp handshake time (torify-friendly) sockjs-tornado is a python server side counterpart of sockjs-client browser library running on top of tornado framework. widgets and other objects used for indicators a text-mode partitioning tool that works on globally unique identifier (guid) partition table (gpt) disks - git version parse rss and atom feeds in c roboto slab is a slab serif addition to the roboto type family. a client to connect to an appgate server. a chess gui for freechess.org (aka fics) varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko u-boot for pcduino python stomp client library bayesian inference and model choice across a wide range of phylogenetic and evolutionary models a general-purpose query language for text files. tree widgets for urwid wps office lang fr a tool for managing secrets medical imaging interaction toolkit (mitk) is a free open-source software system for development of interactive medical image processing software. functions for server cli applications used by humans. decentralized and trustless p2p communications protocol for sending encrypted messages to another person or to many subscribers read dbf files with python broken age is a point-and-click adventure telling the stories of a young boy and girl leading parallel lives. (humble bundle version) a binding for the opengl graphics system tencent wechat client on deepin wine a python module to make handling command line arguments easy reference documentation for libgd, html format. nersc shifter: linux containers for hpc (with slurm support) monero cryptocurrency cpu miner, http api disabled a rom manager for mame. simple virtual pc simulator a modern file indexer for http web servers with focus on your files an octave-forge package providing functions for parallel processing on multiple cores. firmware and gui for the axoloti core sdl bindings for guile scheme. backward compatible netcdf c library advanced minecraft interface and data/structure tracking a small, fast, portable implementation of tls/ssl for embedded devices to the cloud. (formerly cyassl) standalone version of zdoom's internal node builder simple shim for printing support via contractor a fuzz file finder/plumber for acme adds an authority method to your class curses based signal generator popt with debian patches (mostly to avoid double free) microsoft® odbc driver 13 for sql server® the sarge package provides a wrapper for subprocess which provides command pipeline functionality. diff/patch frontend. (git version) utilities to spell-check selectively bin-based rendering toolchain to visualize large datasets. ibm plex functions covering various aspects of optics monitors distributed systems x.org intel i810/i830/i915/945g/g965 video drivers tools to convert existing truetype/opentype fonts to woff and inversely (sfnt2woff and woff2sfnt) modern rewrite of quick image viewer powerful tool to analyse your apks cheat allows you to create and view interactive cheatsheets on the command-line none media downloader for play sites (e.g. svt play) write-once, read-many attributes for moose package to make interfacing with kodi very easy. (python2 version) library written in c for encoding and decoding data using base32 or base64 (rfc-4648) join top cia tough guy, snake logan as he battles for his life against ferocious monsters created by an evil and twisted mastermind. wrapper for git-archive that archives a git superproject and its submodules provides a user friendly gui to control the hamachi client on linux. development version. dockable video4linux tv player dockapp realtime channel implementation for frequent polling jpeg image codec with accelerated baseline compression and decompression (mingw-w64) provides an api to open, create, and manipulate nexus data. xmpp gateway to irc visualization and "audibilization" of sorting algorithms peazip archiver services, fixed for dolphin kf5 preview image generator plugin for android application package files. self hosted git service written in go lgpl'd re-implementation of motif a library for making a simple wayland compositor rewrite of the transmission web client with jquery, sammy and mustache fonts suitable for education and institutional use apngasm for assembling apng files, apngdis for disassembling apng files, and gif2apng/apng2gif for converting. breeze cursor theme (kde plasma 5). this package is for usage in non-kde plasma desktops. backward compatible netcdf c library (mingw-w64) vollkorn typeface by friedrich althausen (opentype) [emacs] enhanced support for editing and running scheme code. ros - a metapackage to aggregate the packages required to use publish / subscribe, services, launch files, and other core ros concepts. heterogeneous set of i2c tools for linux that used to be part of lm-sensors. host software especially suited for delta 3d printers schema for data structures rename or move files by editing their names with vim. gnome docking libraries, git version asekey usb and sim reader driver for pcsc lite systemd support for vmtouch. simple linux utility for resource management lite archlinux complete desktop line-by-line profiler for python python v4l2 an elegant and minimalistic dark theme for kde plasma 1 a cartographic python library with matplotlib support for visualisation visual studio code: editor for building and debugging modern web and cloud applications (official binary version) markdown preview with live update fast xdg-menu converter to xml-pipe-menu a web interface for pass (password-store) a python library for working with midi messages and ports roallercoaster tycoon 2 is a theme park simulation game (gog.com version) pylint plugin for augmenting and improving error detection and analysis in the standard python library a random number test suite kolab file management python implementation of metrics implementations a library of various supervised machine learning evaluation metrics early oom daemon for linux a simple python module to bypass cloudflare's anti-bot page, using requests simple 65816 disassembler issue tracking system. a patched version of scrot which does not beep when capturing the screen app container runtime a cross-platform, pure-python snmp engine implementation a safe webkit web browser speech recognition research toolkit an opensource implementation of the openmax integration layer api - fbdevsink component download packages to update automatically. bluebird theme for openbox, based on numix. oz syntax highlighting and formatting for vim cython implementation of toolz for python 2. high performance functional utilities. is a python gui application which simplifies network infrastructure penetration testing by aiding the penetration tester in the scanning and enumeration phase. python module that creates call graph visualizations for python applications. thue programming language compiler and tools for the go programming language from google selection tool using active contour models (aka snakes). a software system for 3d computer graphics, image processing, and visualization. linked against qt4 close windows with a button click when in overview mode a graphical user interface to computational chemistry packages powerful python and django ide, early access program (eap) build. community edition. a program for recording, playback, and video conversion of vnc sessions sync your files to your mega account. official app a slender monospace typeface. shape: default. scramble through 60 levels collecting space boxes while dodging obstacles. widescreen fork. quickly get the address details of ec2 instances tehuti networks nic driver for mv88x3120,qt2025,tlk10232 and aqr105 10gbe-cards a daemon to handle acpi power button event on vdr systems the mate session handler (gtk3 version) the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for x86_64-elf target lua string utility library super nintendo entertainment system cores with various performance improvements necessary libs to build adobe brackets mingw-w64 utilities a python utility to quickly change to and locate windows in i3 modules for comodo antivirus for providing realtime protection mopidy extension for playing music from tunein a library for configuring and customizing font access (32-bit, infinality-bundle) multi user password store perl/cpan module ntlm an arcade-style car game based on physics pid file manipulation a tool for fetching code snmp module for php a brazilian portuguese male voice for the mbrola synthesizer overly complicated cli note keeper gui client for synchronizing your local files with seafile server a graphical user interface to see apk file details & icon (and install apk to phone) frontend to mimms (multimedia stream ripper) citadel/ux is a collaboration suite (messaging and groupware) that is descended from the citadel family of programs which became popular in the 1980s and 1990s as a bulletin board system platform. an optimized blas library based on gotoblas2 1.13 bsd (mingw-w64) an high dynamic-range image file format library tu braunschweig printing client (papercut ng, preconfigured) a peer-to-peer network based market place on the blockchain. this package provides syscoin binaries: syscoind, syscoin-qt, syscoin-tx, and syscoin-cli lv2 'midi matrix' plugin bundle: 'channel filter' groups a regular expressions collection yaml parser/emitter that supports roundtrip preservation of comments, seq/map flow style, and map key order a programmable tool for verification, analysis and transformation of c source code python binding for toxcore libretro implementation of reicast sega dreamcast emulator ncurses-based hierarchical todo list manager with vim-like keybindings mercurial extension utils abstractions for functions and discrete function space bases issue tracker designed for development teams basic host management for wok server automation framework and application yet another signify tool determine local defocus and specimen tilt of electron micrographs feature-rich dictionary lookup program. a wysiwyg postscript annotator a system monitor for gnome (gtk2 version) wfst-driven grapheme-to-phoneme (g2p) framework suitable for rapid development of high quality g2p or p2g systems. a mixin to add configuration functionality to your classes. discretize continuous attributes for machine learning software with the mdlpc algorithm. c library that simplifies the creation of cgi applications ros - rqt_publisher provides a gui plugin for publishing arbitrary messages with fixed or computed field values. touchscreen access library (32-bit) stressful application test (or stressapptest, its unix name) ibus without python3 a dark, smooth xfce theme, introduced in the release of xubuntu 9.10. library to enable user space application programs to communicate with usb devices (32 bit) fancy, feature-complete, cross-platform sudoku app written in c/qt. a library that helps you create bindings between c and lua ros - this package provides ros specific hooks for stage. inotify bindings for php 5 and php 7. a suite of retopology tools for blender client software that supports the dslogic dreamsourcelab logic analyzer turn a pipe into notifications vi improved, a highly configurable, improved version of the vi text editor (minimal install) manjaro redefined wallpaper. glib2 patched with ahodesuka's thumbnailer patch. run commands and manipulate files locally or over ssh using the same interface window navigator construction kit a command-line program that performs simple calculations on input files library to interface with the pf_ring kernel module standalone web browser from mozilla.org - unbranded version (binary) nvidia 304xx drivers for linux-lqx. plugin for py.test to generate allure xml reports progress and status updates on terminals for python japanese truetype font for developers by mixing inconsolata and migu 1m. an extension for controlled account registration. up to date simple useragent faker with real world database. ros - rqt_web is a simple web content viewer for rqt. ákos level pack for the me and my shadow game ruby module for interaction with d-bus prebuilt libraries for the sabermod toolchain. jack audio mixer from the non daw a build automation tool with support for parametrized rules and dynamic dependencies a library that helps you create bindings between c and lua a steampunk / victorian / pulp variant of angband, a roguelike ascii dungeon exploration simulation game. a fast, consistent tool for working with data frame like objects. viper window manager asynchronous python http for humans. library and components for secure lock screen architecture sox resampler library dsd branch a vocabulary learning tool with quizzes using flash cards similar to the leitner system python data. leaflet.js maps. hid report descriptor i/o library and conversion tool another aur helper written in bash bindings for gtkspell with gtk2 a tool for buffering data streams login utility and pam module for duo security two-factor authentication a tool to use with the gx package manager for packages written in go. lttng kernel modules helper for enabling better steam integration on linux allows playback of mp3 and other audio files. a smart photo filter for striking colour select effects ncurses port of art canfil's classic apple ][ game of china trade during the 1800's. provides for an easy dynamic modification of a user's environment via modulefile. send an email when your computer boot python module and command line utility to interact with odorik api an easy-to-use, distributed, user load testing tool. a ruby wrapper for accessing yammer's rest api. a tool for checking system crontab files (/etc/crontab and /etc/cron.d normally) for errors and common mistakes. an open quranic platform aimed to ease access to the holy quran for reading, translating, or researching. truly asynchronous file and directory i/o a toolkit for computer-aided musical analysis transceiver for hella wireless car key fobs liri workspace, programs and plugins some fonts * hand by nice and ripe ltd a gnome 2 and 3 theme with some colors and embossed widgets inspired by the good old nextstep look. campus relief truetype font by imagex yet another letsencrypt (acme) client using ruby. powerpc toolchain for nintendo gamecube/wii/wii u homebrew development (precompiled) a wrapper around acme-tiny for easier certificate generation gstreamer multimedia framework ugly plugins (git version) fuzzy completion for anything in the terminal, like dmenu. a dummy package to provide dropbox dependency (in case you use it from ~/.local/share) sip (voice over ip, rfc3261) packet handling a cross-platform benchmark that measures processor and memory performance wraps programs to use them as filters. plugin to display information from applications in the xfce4 panel yanone kaffeesatz was first published in 2004. its bold is reminiscent of 1920s coffee house typography, while the rather thin fonts bridge the gap to present times. opentype version. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j870dw printer the adept configuration tools a virtual network service for openstack - brocade agent gdb interface utility for mips processors, including pic32 loop kernel analysis and performance modeling toolkit stress-ng will stress test a computer system in various selectable ways linux spotlight productivity launcher, but more customizable. stuff to png x11 various extension wire protocol - git version a lightweight scheme interpreter that implements a large subset of r5rs. richard's tab window manager homebrewer's beer recipe calculator personal file backup software supporting compression, encryption and incremental backups. a c/c library for decoding qr code 2d barcodes simple game similar to the classical game marble madness on the amiga in the 80's a pygtk keyboard layout switcher tray applet (inspired by gxkb) for justbrowsing a program for molecular and electronic structure visualization a reusable split-off of pecl_http's property proxy api upnp binding for mono/.net a simple gtk application for burning cds and dvds porters stemming algorithm for norwegian. language and environment for statistical computing and graphics - development version (svn) gnome shell emoji picker extension. weather aware desktop background images systemd service for nzbget icons for the x desktop environment (xde) a latex bundle for webpages, pdf forms and includin javasript into latex a framework for testing other programs capable and ergonomic go ide python binding for toxcore firmware updater for lifx light bulbs python client library for neutron coordinate your multi-language projects with ease desktop plugin for vera a program that lets you manipulate digital audio waveforms small desktop display of the current solar indices utility functions dealing with signals run a command at a particular time tools to help with xoreos development a simple mixer for the jack audio connection kit with an osc based control interface. pam module for using crpytographic pkcs11 tokens such as smart cards and usb crypto tokens for local authentication. jbake is a java based, open source, static site/blog generator for developers & designers dvd and blu-ray to mkv converter and network streamer - cli only scheme-like s-expression language that translates to ecmascript/javascript yanone kaffeesatz was first published in 2004. its bold is reminiscent of 1920s coffee house typography, while the rather thin fonts bridge the gap to present times. truentype version. openhab automation runtime globalplatform pcsc connection plugin international components for unicode library a rounded display face that’s great for headlines, from haley fiege & pablo impallari if you purchased idos for windows by chaps, then this installs the license. you need to enter your zip-extraction-code and your setup-code during installation. runs an interactive gui software via wine during installation. generate a fast shell prompt with powerline symbols and airline colors a highly flexible platform independent network packet generator. it allows you to reproduce several mitm, dos and ddos attack scenarios a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (with openglhq patch) (32-bit) adobe acrobat reader for viewing pdf files. italian version a versatile software package for read mapping and integrative analysis of genomic and epigenomic variation using massively parallel dna sequencing provides an easy way to set up hot corners in the xfce desktop environment a sip protocol login cracker. conversion between markup formats (cabal sandbox build) all-in-one software for remote support and online meetings live visualization of all the pokemon in your area... and more! (stable releases) ros - rqt_dep provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros dependency graph. clipboard manager to use with rofi a set of tools which allow beginners to program robots easily and efficiently. steve harris' ladspa plug-ins suite python2 wrapper for the nvd3 chart generator russian hunspell dictionary lightweight soap client (jurko's fork) simple virtual keyboard - git checkout a portable emulator for the super nintendo entertainment system - gtk version collection of overlays for libretro (git-latest) inclusion of external multi-page pdf documents in latex documents an easily configurable cross-platform http server based on mongoose and libconfig. the reference net workshop - refactoring plug-in an alternative approach to manage virtualenvs from pyenv. experiments in creating very small linux elf executables. library to work with pkcs#11 modules (mingw-w64) python web application framework built on modpython and apache creation of a client application for vk.com osc2midi is a highly configurable osc to jack midi (and back) bridge for linux (git version) run perl program(s) as a daemon process python publish-subscribe package ros - this package contains the description (mechanical, kinematic, visual, etc.) of the pr2 robot. zx2c4 pass manager addon for firefox python library for communicating with a redmine project management application database migration tool written in bash the system font for macos, ios, watchos, and tvos web browser based on cef and qt ros - lisp client library for ros, the robot operating system. a python extension module that allows you to manipulate the posix.1e acls. (fixed for python 3) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine sawyer is a background changer the linux kernel and modules with patches to enable gpu passthrough with kvm utility program to convert text files between unix or mac newlines and dos linefeed  newlines. client library for openstack identity brother dcp-l2560dw cups drivers. solaris porting layer kernel headers. low level virtual machine (runtime libraries) for those of you who would like the chrome-os window buttons a tomboy plugin to send notes to a pastebin service a service menu in dolphin (right click) to compute md5sum and sha1sum of a file a filebrowser plugin for the deadbeef audio player xerox workcentre 5945/5955 printer driver for cups python3 documentation generator broadcast x11 key events to multiple windows python tree pretty-print ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) minimalistic subway layout game optimised synchronisation of lvm snapshots over a network command line utility for atmel maxtouch devices ros - rosservice contains the rosservice command-line tool for listing and querying ros services. c library for manipulating colour lookup tables a tool for parsing and decrypting ms-chapv2 network handshakes. video game music file emulation/playback library (32-bit) fuse file system to navigate, extract, create and modify zip and zip64 archives real-time signal convolver esp. suited for impulse response reverb effects psi is a powerful jabber client (qt, c) designed for the jabber power users (built with qt 5.x) set of file renaming utils written in bash ukrainian dictionary for wps office lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j820dn chatterino 2 is the second installment of the twitch chat client series "chatterino". dev/git version. apertium language data for the esperanto-catalan translator. cross-platform, numpy based module for reading tdms files produced by labview. the lxqt desktop panel canon ij printer driver (for mg3100 series) the coffeescript compiler library for reading several different image formats (includes ilut) a utility to decode data submitted from web forms. it deals with both get and post methods where the data are encoded using the default content type application/x-www-form-urlencoded. music player with a waveform progress bar common libraries and headers for wxgtk2 and wxgtk3 c/c ide. 30-day evaluation. an arbitrary precision math library for c and fortran-90. minimal graphical ipv4 ping tool by cnlohr saginaw calligraphy font a program which guesses which mp3 encoder was used to encode a given mp3 file a portable application/ms-rtf parser. cute and tiny window manager generates elevation contours (isohypses) of a selected terrain from shuttle radar topography mission (srtm) digital elevation model (dem) the solidity contract-oriented programming language (including solc, lllc; from latest unstable git version) ros - ros master implementation. qt-style wrapper for gsettings a high performance, open source, general rpc framework that puts mobile and http/2 first. a multiplatform sega dreamcast emulator (development version) a free 2d turn based multiplayer shooter with fully destructible terrain an open source high performance realtime 3d graphics engine. (svn version) engine for latex songbooks firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - greek nant output colorizer x window system font support for pango (32 bit) the diff match and patch libraries offer robust algorithms to perform the operations required for synchronizing plain text xcb utility functions for the x resource manager font rasterization library with cleartype patch analog/digital clock dockapp for window maker table-driven argument parsing blackfire profiler - fire up your php apps performance convert openstreetmap .pbf files into vector tiles without the stack community made linux drivers for logitech mice (currently only g300s) persistentlist is a simple persistent list carrying n objects, the last objects being appended at the end of the list. frrouting (quagga fork) supports bgp4, ospfv2, ospfv3, isis, rip, ripng, pim, ldp, nhrp and eigrp. ham radio utc/local-time clock bsd-finger ported to linux deep learning library (convnets, recurrent neural networks, and more) a workspace manager for hackers brother hl-l2380dw cups driver posix serial port access module for python the ultimate speed test tool for tcp, udp and sctp a lightweight, tiling x11 window manager that mimics vi by offering operators, motions and modes. you control the fate of bathoryn, a doomed hero in a gothic world, who seeks to liberate six cursed realms from six deadly overlords. a qt-based graphical user interface for systemd's journalctl command inworldz halcyon 3d virtual reality world simulator vim plugin to visualize your vim undo tree the imagemagick documentation (utilities manuals and libraries api) a virtual network service for openstack - ovsvapp plugin broadcom bluetooth firmware for bcm4356a2 based devices. r6rs scheme implementation watch movies and series from the pirate bay in your terminal the fastest npm install does nothing because you already have it full stack web framework based on a functional programming language bootable linux disaster recovery, formerly rear ros - rqt_plot provides a gui plugin visualizing numeric values in a 2d plot using different plotting backends. the alternative icon theme for nitrux os configure the activities button via the gnome shell extension preferences tool. simple screen capture and annotation provides a rebase command for bzr similar to git rebase. kde config module for fcitx5 perl lexical::accessor cpan module sup is a console-based email client for people with a lot of email. great mutt alternative. a latex package for screenplay writing ide for the eiffel programming language (opensource edition) ros - this library provides a standardized interface for processing data as a sequence of filters. drivers for blackmagic design decklink, intensity or multibridge video editing cards forward-secure asynchronous messaging mono runtime - compiler compatibility for .net 2.0 latex support for american chemical society journal submissions. spacebars, mustache and handlebars syntax support for vim. hdrmerge fuses two or more raw images into a single raw with an extended dynamic range. converter for ed25519 keys from openssh to tinyssh format a vision library for genicam based cameras slovak language pack for seamonkey ros - ros package tool. create your own qr codes address book that goes hand in hand with postler a mind-bending psychological exploration game where nothing can be taken for granted execute a command after a specified period of time or until a time has reached python library to extract exif data from tiff and jpeg files the library provides high level c interfaces for linear algebra routines on cpus and gpus using cuda, opencl and openmp. sample data for openscenegraph autogenerate shell auto-completion scripts interactive graphical ldap browser - git version c class library for scientific computing engine for the graphic rendering of music scores, based on the guido music notation format (git version) 2d real-time role-playing game. jazz improvisation advisor for the improviser command line argument parser library, like getopt, except better. transitional meta-package. this 2d platformer is based on community's digital estate planning episode. it's built using the love game engine. a self-hosted, web-based application for stream your music, everywhere disable blinking cursor in linux tty a run-or-raise application switcher for any x11 desktop kde power management tools validator for mkv files lua 5.1 bindings for opengl epub2pdf is a command-line tool that quickly generates pdf files from epub ebooks. it will run on any platform that supports jre version 6 or later. modern graphical system monitor, xfce4 panel plugin zsh/urxvt based program launcher xavs is to implement high quality encoder and decoder of the audio video standard of china (avs). a library for manipulating, parsing and verifying flv files. a non-interactive command-line text editor (stream editor) opengl and alsa screencast tool, based in glc 10 band graphical equalizer for rhythmbox simple soundboard application. a python 3 wrapper for the (undocumented) amazon echo api knowledge base system various extra foils for mse. this one is the ghost foil gradient by smr1313. a game server browser and launcher for unix/x11 for many popular games (a qstat frontend) open source  deep learning  api  server utilities for viewing data and exporting schema from microsoft access database files a wxwidgets gui toolkit for python. nuitka compilable version. initialize network device with random mac address codota: artificial pair programmer that learns from existing code (official binary version) mcm file compressor open ecard-app (opencard) is an open source alternative of the ausweisapp c shell a vim-like webkit2gtk browser gobject-based multi-platform gui toolkit (legacy) documentation pyscreenshot tries to allow to take screenshots without installing 3rd party libraries kodi texturepacker tool (master branch) utilities for infrared communication between devices tor browser is 1 for privacy and -1 for mass surveillance a numerical device model for the simulation of solar cells and oleds. ros - this package provides a set of typedefs that allow using eigen datatypes in stl containers. yacht club games a new generation, open-source graphics plugin for n64 emulators opengl 3  4 graphics library with examples. show diagnostic information from uc-logic graphics tablets (rebranded as huion, yiynova, ugee, monoprice, turcom and others) a solver for sparse nonlinear optimization a purely functional package manager a latex package for drawing gantt plots using pgf/tikz a secure communications library implementing the ssl, tls and dtls protocols and technologies around them configure, compile and share systems, toolchains and linux firmware. simple notification daemon. prints freedesktop notifications to stdout filebrowser plugin for the deadbeef audio player detect outdated cpan modules in your environment. celestia addon: fictional: star wars: millenium falcon markdown plugin for geany web-based irc client provides a command line tool to get metadata for an academic paper posted at arxiv.org in bibtex format. perhaps the smallest useful terminal multiplexer in the world. derivate of droid fonts without characters listed as emoji, in order not to override color fonts check the presence of tabs in your project style check tool for cs50 / cs50x (harvard college's introduction to computer science i) chameleon x cursor theme (anthracite flavour) css namespaces module level 3 converts to and from several popular 3d file formats software package that allows the fast and easy solution of sets of ordinary, partial and stochastic differential equations, using a variety of efficient numerical algorithms a lightweight beautiful pager from fluxbox an open source code editor for the web, written in javascript, html and css. percol adds flavor of interactive selection to the traditional pipe concept on unix an eyecandy'd physics-based application launcher. (binary version) setup your logitech wheel under linux an xmpp library written for python 3.4 (sleekxmpp asyncio fork) a python bindings of juman, a japanese morphological analyzer character encodings in perl 6 an asynchronous postgresql replication system, allowing for both multi-master and multi-slave operations provides links to google pages as desktop files translation of the ox app suite html5 client (en_us) . a cross-plateform frontend for ccrypt software 1950's life savers handlettered stymie, from pablo impallari 2d plotting tool decentralized and trustless p2p communications protocol for sending encrypted messages to another person or to many subscribers fast ssh server and open proxy scanner. hungarian language pack for seamonkey default file associations for gnome environment crochet is a library that makes it easier to use twisted from regular blocking code a light implementation of the mmap functions for mingw (mingw-w64) a simple command line time tracker epson printer driver (ep-4004) interactive theorem prover an improved screenlocker based upon xcb and pam with background blurring filter ext2 filesystem generator for embedded systems tron-like multiplayer racing game zfo editor allows user to interact with zfo forms displays teletext pages directly on vdr's osd perl/cpan module locale::currency::format: perl functions for formatting monetary values ice is comprehensive rpc framework with support for python, c, .net, java, javascript and more. ros - contains nodelets for processing depth images such as those produced by openni camera. os abstraction functions for various projects (with optional qt5 gui support) emacs major mode for the haxe programming language poor-man's grid computing via ssh a gtk2 mud client with automapper parse & rewrite git urls (supports github, bitbucket, assembla ...) system stability tester is a ram/cpu burning and benchmarking program based on calculating pi. powerful build system for the jvm hardware-accelerated implementation of opengl for the playstation portable (psp) easy to use interface to thetvdb.com xsh - xml editing shell device tree compiler with dynamic symbols and fixup support patch extension for parsing and working with email messages (rfc822 and rfc2045) x compositor (a fork of xcompmgr-dana) (git-version) a pure ruby client for the amazon elastic mapreduce web service. simple bridge between colord and x convert dia class diagrams into sql. a 3-d interface to gopherspace a dock app for keeping small notes around the desktop manage config files in home via fake bare git repositories a tool to write and paint to an existing pdf file. updf can insert pages of another pdf, insert new pages, remove and extract pages, rotate pages, paste an image in the existing pdf, and much more. modern make qqwry use your 3ds as a gamepad on your linux pc -- precompiled 3ds binaries kernel module driver for moxa smartio industio mue isa pcie upci pci express cp multi port serial rs-232 422 485 kachina 505dsp - ham radio transceiver control program apertium language data for the catalan-italian translator. . wolfenstein: enemy territory 2.60b compatible client/server (etlegacy engine, 32 bit) command-line interface for the foundation family of frameworks. du like command but display a pretty histogram with optional colors pale moon arch search engines (aur, pkgs, bbs, wiki, etc.) faster poller for cacti. compizconfig bindings for python bitmap font complete solution to record, convert and stream audio and video (modified for mpv, git version) php bindings for libsmbclient. magento module manager a tool to help star focusing in astrophotogaphy using fwhm method the metropolis font, a modern, geometric typeface. lightblue is a cross-platform bluetooth api for python which provides simple access to bluetooth operations; pebble fork open source fork of the songbird media player. uses prebuilt xulrunner and sqlite. a utility for writing latex equations within html cooperative gamma python 3 library a 3d collision detection and rigid body dynamics library for games and animation the fastest free verilog hdl simulator a benchmarking utility for measuring network performance (latency and throughput) over socket api, with focus on high performance systems ros - library for capturing data from the intel(r) realsense(tm) f200, sr300, r200, lr200 and zr300 cameras. a calligraphic font. ethereum python client software to retrieve videos from french website pluzz toolkit for developing, sharing, and running luvit/lua programs and libraries. x colorname to rgb mapping database provides you linux specific special file handles full-featured telegram client library for python 3 chex quest 3 iwad (game data) a multi-pane, detailed-list file manager. zsh completion support for gitflow (avh-edition). additional support for proprietary codecs for vivaldi an improved implementation of the message passing interface (legacy version). database of photographic lenses and a library that allows advanced access to the database official tftp server a port of the fuse unix spectrum emulator to libretro (wip) sha-3 wrapper (keccak) for python full featured aprs tracking/information reporting system gnu emacs mode for laconi.ca microblogging service. handy virtual magnifying glass tool svn version tsundere module for fcitx, adds something following every character you input. graphical shutdown timer extensible interactive c, improved python module for gnu parted - python 2.x pkg a blender addon to help you keep your meshes clean and lint-free, like a spell-checker for your meshes. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-max98090 kernel object-oriented system (gsi object oriented on-line off-line system) based on root fast hexadecimal editor a post-install configuration solution for vmware workstation (pro) and player (plus and pro) librtmp support for kodi 17 xmpp library written in c with boost software package and libraries for graph, mesh and hypergraph partitioning, static mapping, and sparse matrix block ordering. this is the parallel version using the mpich implementation (mpich/ptesmumps). a script to create contact sheets (preview images) from videos. high quality textures for quake from the quake revitalization project (qrp) unofficial efa.vrr.de command line client and perl module ros - rqt_topic provides a gui plugin for displaying debug information about ros topics including publishers, subscribers, publishing rate, and ros messages. python binding for ejdb database engine rdkit - a collection of cheminformatics and machine-learning software written in c and python. ros - hector_slam_launch contains launch files for launching hector_slam with different robot systems/setups/postprocessing scenarios. set of tools and libraries to access plain text databases called recfiles. plugins for supercollider (git version) python interface to dbus notifications icmp packet builder a two way filesync script note: this is beta. use at your own risk. gtk 3.x research tool application to take timestamped tags/notes of streamed or locally played video clips. the application controls and uses mpv player. a desktop post-it/sticky note system for the unix geek fast asynchronous dns resolver program for quickly looking up words in scanned dictionaries x11 screen saver extension library (x32 abi) pandora client daemon cooperative gamma library amd/ati drivers. auto re-compile fglrx module while shutdown/reboot. an easy-to-use client library for making requests from ruby. it uses a simple method chaining system for building requests, similar to python's requests. provide a progress meter if run interactively experimental build of telegram desktop (using system qt, emojis replaced with those from noto color emoji) social authentication made simple. ros - this encapsulates the webkit dependency for a specific ros distribution and its qt version. vk audio player built in python & gtk3. a collection of tools for managing unix services a sega model 3 arcade emulator some basic modules to make scrolling pygame games italian language pack for seamonkey python3 bindings for mapnik uim plugin module for mozc a lightweight, tiling x11 window manager that mimics vi by offering operators, motions and modes. dartium is a special build of chromium that includes the dart vm header files and scripts for building modules for the linux-rc kernel a supplement to repo-add and repo-remove which simplifies managing local repositories a plugin for tighter integration with harrow.io whilst using capistrano. a tracing and troubleshooting tool for php scripts php extension for gnupg/gpgme. openfabrics alliance infiniband mellanox connect-ib infiniband hca driver airtame official screen streaming application. noto cjk-sc fonts for simplified chinese a python based monitoring and tracking tool for plex media server. a lightweight and very stable mud client for the linux console a full featured command-line backup tool, short for disk archive diagnostic and recovery tool for block devices (near to replace mhdd for linux) lightweight soap client (jurko's fork) a hash-bang and simple command line pipe front end for gnu r same as ditaa, but converts output to scalable eps graphics. great in latex ;-) knotifications jonathan's own version of emacs is an emacs-like editor without lisp. a library to encode and decode handwriting data in ms ink serialized format (isf) powerful command-line bookmark manager. production ready web server with built in pre-processing python library to easily handle data structure pure's interface to opengl elm oracle intends to be a standalone program that can be used by all editor plugins to query information about a project's source code provides clementine info, for use in conky. an oh-my-zsh shell theme based on the powerline vim plugin most comprehensive openssl module in the lua universe for lua 5.2 a collection of tools for exploring and modifying the touhou game series a picture viewer for x, with a thumbnail-based file selector a window switcher, run dialog and dmenu replacement a pure python 3 geocoding module made easy. supports arcgis, bing,canadapost,freegeoip geocoder.ca, geonames, google, here, mapquest, maxmind, opencage, openstreetmap, geoottawa, tomtom, yahoo ) archives of the html version of posix standard oracle java 6 development kit (32-bit) (public release - end of support) outline editor for authors organizing books, articles, and other published works extremely flexible web content filter - development version a way of notifying you of git commits web eid native component interface to the rt (request tracker) api a client/server backup system which enhances the power of rdiff-backup javascript standard style zotero standalone. a free, easy-to-use tool to help you collect, organize, cite, and share your research sources. spanish dictionaries extension for libreoffice simple authentication and security layer framework and a few common sasl mechanisms - ntlm support video upload/search/etc library a c library for reading and writing files containing sampled sound (mingw-w64) trayer fork with multi monitor support, cleaned up codebase and other fancy stuff (git-version) this package allows to call functions of proj.4 library for cartographic projections transformations. c interface to lapack with tmg lib adal for python natively compiled 64-bit gtk2 archiver utility, portable version with no dependencies python script that provides control of pi-top hub hardware a shell command to create json a software system for 3d computer graphics, image processing, and visualization, build with python3 and qt4 bindings android executables browser. this is a standalone tool for android developers. a intuitive and highly customizable lgpl library for logging with c. sddm configuration editor a simple weather indicator collects information about libraries from its header files and merges it with user written files (typesystem) describing how the library should be exposed as a binding on the target language. salut à toi, multi-frontends multi-purposes xmpp client (cli frontend) a libzmq 3.x wrapper for perl ocaml bindings for opus audio codec a dj friendly tool for estimating the musical key of an audio file python 2 bindings for the cross-platform midi i/o library rtmidi a design and authoring tool for digital artists interested in 2d animation. aceproxy allows you to watch ace stream live streams or bittorrent files over http cut with words. similar to the unix command line utility cut, but with words instead. ros - holds the action description and relevant messages for the move_base package. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-npt kernel a clipboard plugin for the xfce4 panel - git checkout github notification notifier checks syntax of restructuredtext and code blocks nested within it simulate an x target display device a user-registration application for django. a django app that provides markdown-related template tags collabora code (libreoffice online) server for nextcloud or owncloud, without docker virtual filesystem support for tcl runs neovim if vi or vim is called signal protocol c library (git version) dxt compression library pure python wrapper for the twitter api japanese outline mincho fonts implementing ivs compliant with hanyo-denshi collection (based on ipaex mincho fonts) a modern san serif typeface with a pure clean line form. gsso glib daemon android x86-64 system image, latest api ros - a ros driver for v4l usb cameras. corpus management tool including corpus building and indexing, fast querying and providing basic statistical measures lpr driver and cups wrapper for brother mfc-210c. covers mfc-215c as well. gmt color palettes (*.cpt) from the cpt-city collection an accessibility plasmoid that shows the status of various key on your keyboard (for example if caps lock is enabled or meta is pressed). userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat kone pure optical devices dependency-based python module reloader message transfer agent with maximal-enabled features a set of pytest fixtures to test flask applications. find relevant emoji from text on the command-line apertium language data for the breton-french translator. font viewer written in tcl/tk qt modern music player with collection browse based on cover art basic immutable container types for python. provides modular backups using duplicity. python protobuf generator for grpc fastcgi process manager for php a scss compiler for python a portable sctp userland stack command-line tool to download manga from lots of websites an open source implementation of oz 3. linux nis daemon generic page description language parser an integrated robotics gui environment. collection of fortune files for brian eno's 'oblique strategies' a fast system versioning tool via subversion backend digitally signs software for texas instruments calculators dry is a terminal application to manage docker containers and images cups printer driver for samsung ml-1670 series implementation of format-transforming encryption (fte) a python module to calculate the levenshtein edit distance between two strings. a memory-based, optional-persistence naïve bayesian text classifier. open source fully-featured astrology software an automatic theorem prover - compile from source simple and intuitive 2d vector drawing for electronics and not only. backup program for kde commands providing access to the setpgrp and getpgrp system calls canon drivers for the mp610/mp620/mp630 printer/scanner with improved ppd files unified form language. a game that teaches you vim commands. inspired by namco's classic pac-man. key grabber written in golang for cleaning your keyboard portuguese (pt) locale for keepass an indicator for working with pushbullet. switchboard sound plug yeelight python library universal tag manager todo kde su persist tmux environment across system restarts. a utility to spawn processes in new namespaces english (south african) language pack for firefox beta ascii world map and tools slovak eid client open source cross-platform java visual traceroute web-based frontend for xbmc, sickbeard, sabnzbd, and more. a collection of open-source lv2 plugins apertium language data for the norwegian nynorsk-norwegian bokmål translator. tetris-like game on a hexagonal grid a php extension for parsing and working with email messages perl interface to the keccak digest algorithm oracle java 7 development kit (public release - end of support) source filter for inline code templating. a solarized sddm theme devrant client written in nodejs ham radio - qso log-file converter addition word puzzle solver ax25 node software logging and access event viewer for logback, log4j and jul open and manage child processes and their io handles easily. a python client for linx.li. snes emulator with qt gui and debugger latest professional r/c helicopter flight simulator from heli x access a single or a collection of netcdf files as a multi-dimensional array the modern video toolkit object methods for interacting with gnupg a qt-based graphical gdb debugger frontend python wrapper for ta-lib provides access to qobject or qml objects from html clients for seamless integration of qt applications with html/javascript clients (mingw-w64) another free c image processing and conversion library nvidia's gpu programming toolkit. version 8.0 a collection of three lightweight system daemons (two main daemons and one helper daemon) that run on linux machines and analyze iptables log messages to detect port scans and other suspicious traffic vim support for the julia language. interactive console for crystal programming language rest server for redis data spring roo is an easy-to-use productivity tool for rapidly building enterprise applications in the java programming language. remote desktop daemon for gnome using pipewire restructuredtext linter set of html documentation for xhtml 1.0 & 1.1 gnome chemistry utilities (gcu). includes gchempaint, a tool to draw molecules. udev file for u2f devices tiny image viewer for framebuffer modern free desktop icon theme whose design is based around the use of bold colours and simple geometric shapes red hat icons from fedora 10 openhab2 open source home automation software a business simulation game where you start a video game development company a virtual dice roller standalone, debug version of adobe flash player create, edit and load collada documents in python asset management for django, to compress and merge css and javascript files open source web based sms management xhosa language pack for firefox beta remake of the 80's 8-bit classic head over heels coin miner using cuda for nvidia gpus. a free fully featured markdown editor for linux. a virtual machine lv2 plugin bundle easy building and installing of erlang/otp instances friendlier flags for b git extension that tracks changes to a patch series over time a curses-based commandline audio (mp3/ogg/flac) player yakuake with 'open in same dir' feature python wrapper for xvfb, xephyr and xvnc tool to discover http load balancers command line and configuration file parsing library (documentation) alternating directions dual decomposition approximate map decoder a cross-platform software package for creating scientific plots gui frontend to reverse vnc connections roguelike computer role playing game based on angband userspace debugging and diagnostic tool for amd gpus using the amdgpu kernel driver a git layering tool command line client for the opensuse build service a powerful realtime, multi-timbral software synthesizer. fast, high quality, renderman-compliant renderer data visualizing using gpu via opengl3 (or gles2), written in c lithuanian hyphenation rules neptune client library a volume keys control daemon for xfce ros - this package attempts to show the features of ros python api step-by-step, including using messages, servers, parameters, etc. extension for ffdiaporama to use the openclipart-library create luckyblocks! you can get the block in the creative inventory or by the custom crafting recipe! password management tool a dynamic window paging system for x.org an interpreter for the postscript language random numbers using timer/schedule entropy. photo / video gallery generator set infiniband port modes and mtus by a systemd service kde 3d printer host the unix source code control system actively maintained/enhanced. firmware for bcm43142 bluetooth chip (0a5c:21d7) the voice chat application server for mumble super-sed is a heavily enhanced version of sed that supports pcre. ros - rqt_pose_view provides a gui plugin for visualizing 3d poses. plasma applet development environment simple lightweight option parsing kernel headers for the zettabyte file system. command line qr code generator go-style concurrency in c11 xml-xupdate-libxml perl module (simple implementation of xupdate format) undelete and data recovery software manual tiling window manager for x a generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer. this is a stripped-down version of the official package and requires only the bare essentials for running on a headless server. python library containing t-sne algorithms perl version of python's url-safe base64 codec administration utilit for scst final fantasy 7 save editor programming language with the following features 1. threaded code based 2. aggressively developed 3. never provide backward compatibility [github zip version] a command-line port of the rar compression utility (beta version) line-by-line profiler for python core utilities for python packages flexihub ros - virtual sensor that uses semantic map information to see obstacles undetectable by robot sensors. lightweight pdf viewer with seccomp filter simple linux utility for resource management (development version) madgraph5_amc@nlo is a framework that aims at providing all the elements necessary for sm and bsm phenomenology prompt for zsh ros - turtle_tf demonstrates how to write a tf broadcaster and listener with the turtlesim. rig conrol program for elecraft k2 transceiver content-addressable data synchronization tool ros - this package contains a recent version of the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl), distributed by the orocos project. a kde file comparator/merge tool ros - position_controllers. the heirloom development tools (yacc, lex, make ...) derived from original unix tools. signal private messenger for the desktop using muon instead of chrome a system for managing library compile/link flags a greeter for lightdm that uses webkit for theming. (bzr version) a red variation of horst3180's arc theme. a flat theme with transparent elements for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell (supported until version 3.20). multipurpose relay (development version) websocket to tcp proxy/bridge. cgal bindings using swig jupyter notebook extension that enables highlighting every instance of the current word in the notebook simple terminal with xresources support fs.to video player built in python & gtk3. ensure that the running ruby implementation matches the desired language version, implementation, and implementation version a c library for interacting with json (mingw-w64) a personal and small-business financial-accounting application (gtk3 development version) human-friendly hsl projectm support for jack (git version) the selected citations from a site linux.org.ru (utf8) kde plasma workspace a collection of the best themes available for cinnamon. a nautilus / thunar video thumbnailer that sets film covers as thumbnails ros - this package provides implementations of the trajectory rollout and dynamic window approaches to local robot navigation on a plane. system for sequential logic synthesis and formal verification the zoin cryptocurrency wallet, qt gui a pc/sc driver for linux/mac os x and it supports acs ccid smart card readers. this library provides a pc/sc ifd handler implementation and communicates with the readers through the pc/sc lite resource manager (pcscd). wxperl::constructors - parameterized constructors open source tomb raider engine (development version) testing-specific www::mechanize subclass a simple gtk gui to xwinwrap written in pygtkglade the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security javascript client-side bitcoin wallet generator tie to an existing object. apertium language data for the swedish-danish translator. a fast, secure, and very extensible implementation of eruby. django-filter is a reusable django application for allowing users to filter querysets dynamically. support for application crash analysis and bug report from apps (mingw-w64) easy-to-use color space conversions and more. ros - provides conversions from pcl data types and ros message types. spotify integration for nuvola player. an obsolete videogame for a dark passage of history saves pixels by fusing activity bar and title bar in a natural way interface to sql databases, currently only postgresql using libpq. a django app that provides a web user interface to access gnu mailman gtk antenna em modeling client classical castle combat game efficient, scalable and stable rdf database common mate utilities for viewing disk usage, logs and fonts, taking screenshots, managing dictionaries and searching files (gtk2 version) classic, elegant, sober and strong typeface, from pablo impallari the wikipedia plugin shows information about the current artist. cad program for designing model railroad layouts. mono bindings for libart extendable continuous integration server (lts) a library for configuring and customizing font access, optimized for freetype2-infinality-ultimate. "drascula: the vampire strikes back" - spanish, german, french and italian addon ios push email for dovecot - dovecot plugin ros - c implementation of bond, a mechanism for checking when another process has terminated. android c/c developer kit python implementation of the piwik tracking and the analytics api gerber to gcode file converter torch extensions a python implementation of conway's game of life using the curses module with a small evolutionary twist. python library for building simple unity lenses and scopes bash completion support for gitflow (avh-edition). htmlcrunch speeds up your html pages by removing things that are ignored by browsers anyway, such as superflous blanks, line feeds and comments linux malware scanner designed around threats faced in shared host environments insert livereload into your app easily as rack middleware language server protocol implementation for vue a flood it clone written in python airmode - wifi cracking framework (aircrack interface) ros - rosservice contains the rosservice command-line tool for listing and querying ros services. middleware for openstack identity cross-platform user-friendly xlsx library for c14 (mingw-w64) lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j6520dw printer an advanced method for encoding binary data to ascii text nuclear shell model code a c gui library designed for games. it comes with a standard set of 'widgets'. monero: the secure, private, untraceable currency - release version (helium hydra, point release 1. includes daemon, wallet and miner) podcast client for the modern desktop an i2c serial eeprom programming tool for the wch ch341a log parser for the /stats command in shroud of the avatar an open source version of the well known bejeweled, for gnu/linux and windows. it's written in c using sdl2 heuristics-driven menu generator for deskmenu, fluxbox, icewm, openbox, windowmaker and xfce. now with compiz, mygtkmenu, urxvt, and roxterm support. a feature-rich 2-pane console file manager with xyzsh shell script language a python interface to sendfile(2) mopidy extension for dirble open radio directory a small webcam daemon for video4linux2 devices shell::config::generate - portably generate config for any shell an open source cross-platform drum plugin and stand-alone application (lv2) a preprocessor-pretty-printer of ocaml. (transitional) a containerisation tool without daemons a doom level editor with additional support for heretic, hexen and strife an smufl compliant music font designed by daniel spreadbury at steinberg a command line tool generates download statistics of an ubuntu ppa python bindings to lrzip (https://github.com/ckolivas/lrzip) ponomar: a liturgics suite for the orthodox church http://www.ponomar.net/ an ocaml interface to the enlightenment foundation libraries (efl) and elementary the gnu scientific library (gsl) is a modern numerical library for c and c programmers (mingw-w64) archlinux's pkgbuld generator from cargo.toml manifest file parses a jpeg file looking for exif (exchangeable image file) data, formatting, and printing image properties. manjaro elegant plymouth theme modified new. a python tool for solving delay differential equations tools and utilities to work with coreboot firmware fuse filesystem that introduces nondeterminism a cinnamon theme package for solving diffusion advection reaction (dar) partial differential equations a cross platform productivity application. automation for de bruijn syntax and substition in coq. tvheadend htsp pvr client addon for kodi a gtk frontend for libgphoto2 disables the pcspkr completely danbooru-like image tagging and searching system for the desktop interface to the rt (request tracker) api a progress bar for python. the pothos data-flow framework a documentation generator plugin for google protocol buffers. sleek, modern web interface for transmission qt sdk for the raspberry pi 1/2/3 a tool used for testing dhcp ip exhaustion attacks. extra keybindings for fzf a ruby parser written in pure ruby english -> german dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org the ncpfs kernel module (dkms) lua bindings to dbus. magento community edition 1.9.1.1 - php based e-commerce video player based on mplayer/mplayer2 floodlight sdn openflow controller wayland port of a generic menu for x ros - this package contains a number of urdf tutorials. helper tools for the arch user repository query and change linux monitor settings using ddc/ci and usb. a library to adjust audio gain. (svn version) pitivi allows users to easily edit audio/video projects based on the gstreamer framework (git version) japanese freeware pc side-scrolling platformer game (aka cave story). french ver. sdr signal analyzer next generation of the python high-level scripting language a simple http server for quickly sharing files. nfs and cifs tracing/monitoring/capturing/analyzing tool comunity client for peercoin peer-to-peer network digital currency (qt) historical copy of the network applications module of kde 1, adapted to compile on modern systems (circa. 2016) fast and lightweight ide (git version) gnome password management daemon (without gnupg-agent functionality) class based template tags for django plasmoid for plasma 5 for controlling phillips hue lights bash::completion::plugins::cpanm - bash completion for cpanm and cpanf a small helper application that lets you tag any of your files. runs lzma compression of different parts of an input file on multiple cores and processors simultaneously cinnamon applet displaying system informations, such as memory usage, cpu usage, network rates. ported from gnome-shell extension a friendly nzb usenet binary downloader for kde. kf5 frameworks branch. (git version) remote control dockapp for audacious an improved javascript mode for gnu emacs gobject wrapper of groonga. web micro-framework written in vala converts program output to html or pango markup (colorized) additional utils for perl symbols manipulation a small, extensible, window manager. advanced command-not-found hook for bash and zsh using the power of pacman gnu emacs major mode for listing symbols from object files hard disk apm level service for systemd a fast and highly customizable virtual multiple desktop window manager. cutter is a c/c unit test framework. xml parsing library, version 2 (x32 abi) modern api for working with files and directories in emacs standalone gvariant implementation in standard iso-c11 fast and light desktop application launcher facilitates creating, extracting, and listing the contents of "vimball" archives (*.vba) a perl readline for the oysttyer twitter client very simple peer-to-peer file sharing using onion services an emacs configuration switcher. command-line tools for interacting with the pushbullet api universal points counter allowing reflexion exemption - library simple python script to register your dynamic ip address with zoneedit's dynamic ip dns service easy-to-use snmpv1 and snmpv2c mib browser written in qt4 useful snippets of python code webapp for generating icalendar files from collaborative class schedules ros - color codes for ansii consoles. a high-level interface to cddb protocol servers (freedb and cddb) node.js based forum software built for the modern web shows top suspects for memory leaks in your python program ohcount is a source code line counter. perl/cpan file::configdir - get directories of configuration files a simple library to load ttfs of various formats as sdl surfaces (psp) dump password hashes from a windows nt/2k/xp installation. a python language extension intended to make writing opencl code easy iscsi userland tools - git checkout tail multiple logfiles at once, even if rotated adds a clipboard indicator to the top panel, and saves clipboard history a wrapper library that provides one api to read, manipulate and write data in different excel formats yaml 1.1 library (x32 abi) c headers for antlr v3 runtime damadamas icons aim to offer a familiar interface to the users python library for building domain-specific languages and parsers a free, cross platform, open-source, audio i/o library. plasmoid for plasma 5. shows information about cpu and ram. gawk extension - interface to expat for parsing xml opengl library class the pmake tutorial from the freebsd documentation project. an object-document mapper for mongodb. python api for pdns. calibration client for the hughski colorhug device a small program for hiding the mouse cursor. with patches applied. ros - tf2 is the second generation of the transform library, which lets the user keep track of multiple coordinate frames over time. speech recognition research toolkit specification and libraries for writing plugins to configure network interfaces in linux containers a lightweight library that offers the ability to easily extract data from files archived in a single zip file (mingw-w64) a fault-tolerant distributed file system for all storage needs (server) circular progress bar pyqt5 widget (ported from c project at: https://sourceforge.net/projects/qroundprogressbar) graph based image processing framework automatic daily/weekly/monthly mysql backup script perl module providing a simple api for publishing messages to channels and for subscribing to them professional vector animation program (cli renderer only) clipboard manager with searchable and editable history. itemweb plugin. canon ij printer driver (common package) affinity is a desktop search tool which provides a front-end to various desktop information gui designer for wxwidgets that can generate python, c, perl, lisp and xrc code run a command on window event library for minimalistic netlink - git checkout a kde control module for configuring the grub2 bootloader. unofficial kf5 port. small, safe and fast formatting library for c ros - this is a set of tools for recording from and playing back to ros topics. a windowing toolkit for use with tcl, 8.5 series type hints for python (gns3) utilities to configure gdm3, autologin options and change shell theme python bindings for the wii balance board trained language data for tesseract ocr engine music library list creator mathematical symbols not included in the standard distribution graphical ide for mcs-51 based microcontrollers a command to scale fonts in bitmap distribution format kernel module for emulating scsi devices a free open source test tool / traffic generator for the sip protocol. python and command-line interface for ms onedrive (formerly known as skydrive) framework for creating rich internet applications. core components for the kde's activities epson printer driver (l456, l455, l366, l365, l362, l360, l312, l310, l222, l220, l132, l130) a ssh-agent/gpg-agent keychain and process monitor lightweight multi-platform, multi-architecture assembler framework the power of c language and the convenience of a high level language framework for building document analysis applications. gps photo correlation; writes location data to exif tags using gpx files (command line and gtk interface). ros - resources used for moveit! testing. an aprs digipeater and/or internet gateway linux port of avisynth. (git version) rss/board (like linuxfr.org's one) browser ros - gazebo launchers and worlds for turtlebot simulation. switchboard power plug jack audio connection kit (jack) client for python configuration management tool inspired by chef, but simpler and lightweight a console based jabber client. ogg bitstream and framing library (psp) generate a hosts file based on multiple sources (git) a simple command line utility to set the frequency and gain of the funcube dongle sdr receiver - pro version python library that provides ntlm support, including an authentication handler for urllib2 marathon 1 scenario data files for aleph one zeroconf based peer to peer file transfer some c classes which wrap the jack audio io api and lock-free ring buffer. ham radio equipment control libraries khmer dictionary for wps office a hard disk recovery tool that reads undamaged regions first deezer desktop from git quick(qt) online music player linux devices manager for the logitech unifying receiver. a cross-platform application and ui framework (images plugins) (5.1.x) message transfer agent with maximal-enabled features chromium compiled with va-api support for intel graphics a simple terminal emulator. a command line lurking tool for krautchan simple transparent screen-lock generates config files for youcompleteme (https://github.com/valloric/youcompleteme) a command line utility that displays the speed and, if possible, progress, of data moving from its input to its output. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - dutch a portable command-line neogeo emulator (development version) minimalistic command launcher in rust similar to gmrun fast shuffling of arrays in-place hosted twtxt server (in go) x keyboard configuration files with bone support gofmt for javascript perform high-performance column queries from mongodb for python 2. 10x speedup over pymongo alone. a hotdogging game, evade the deadly yeti on your jet-powered skis. message transfer agent with maximal-enabled features pretty good privacy for python - a pure python openpgp implementation. switchboard network plug a flat and light theme with a modern look (gnome, openbox, unity, xfce) (dark blue variant) a library implements every galois field multiplication technique applicable to erasure coding for storage a tool for automatically generating uml database diagrams. elementary icons forked, extended and maintained for xfce. a general purpose 3d cad modeler - git checkout openfabrics alliance userspace emulex oneconnect rdma adapter libibverbs plug-in classic doom: doom 1 shareware episode maps recreated for use with doom 3. reformats 'du'-output to html and displays it with a textbrowser like 'links' version-agnostic representation of an ip address read and write audio tags for many formats programmable file compressor, library and utilities. based on the paq compression algorithm professional a/v post-production software suite glu es port based on original glu 1.3 vpaint is an experimental vector graphics editor based on the vector animation complex technology. (git version) the octave-fits package provides functions for reading, and writing fits (flexible image transport system) files. this package uses the libcfitsio library. a smart deblur program made by y. vladimir lightweight rtf text processor an attempt to simplify building native code for a perl6 module xnretro allows you to create stunning images with vintage or instant effect on your desktop. clone::pp - recursively copy perl datatypes a simple, fast, cross-platform, and object-oriented multimedia api (mingw-w64) python module to access dmi data locate and a 'use lib' or export directories based on ::bin. ros - holds the action description and relevant messages for the move_base package. a simple and clean dark theme for xfce/xfwm4 maintenance website for documentation-, home- and websites. ros - tf2 is the second generation of the transform library, which lets the user keep track of multiple coordinate frames over time. a better shell to use in place of adb when connecting to android devices a green retro theme for geany hex to binary converter. an intense 3rd person action shooter with massive terrain deformation and explosive attacks (demo version) virtual keyboard for qt prebuilt binary for gn (generate ninja), chromium's meta-build system a lexer generator written in java dhcp test client a screen magnifier yubico yubikey c library - git checkout pacman database extraction utility a collection of scripts for arch linux packages a onenote-like application with a nice gui. small wrapper around pacaur to mimic yaourts search feature minimalistic configuration management adds basic functionality that is not (yet) provided by python lightweight daemon for x that helps prevent rsi and other computer related stress bearlibterminal is a library that creates a terminal-like window facilitating flexible textual output and uncomplicated input processing. miscellaneous utilities specific to debian yubico yubikey client c library - git checkout passwords & keys a c99 library providing cross-platform audio input and output mkinitcpio hook that adds gnupg and smartcard support virtual organisation membership service (c/c clients and apis) flat-circle icons for xfce4-weather-plugin an open-source gui prototyping tool parallel http library on top of libcurl multi. a game with no graphics, with no text, only audio firewall knock operator: single packet authorization and port knocking the base framework for frame crafting gnumpy is a simple python 2 module that interfaces in a way almost identical to numpy, but does its computations on your computers gpu epson printer driver (px-203, px-503a, px-603f) takes output from structure from motion frameworks (sfm) and produces dense 3d reconstruction from the camera poses and imagery. ninjas, failure, ludonarrative dissonance and player investment manipulation xpenguins themes 'zelda: oni link begins' is a fan-made zelda game (english version) utilities for managing magnetic tape storage devices a set of high-level abstractions for django forms a mail applet for the system tray to watch your maildir box and get notifications whenever there's a new mail. a modern implementation of dbm an open source cfd software which solves the navier-stokes equations under different circumstances. package manager for dotfiles, plugins, programs and any form of code accessible via git. allow to easily share and sync packages across systems and have them ready to work out of the box. enhanced download abilities for r ryzom is a free to play mmorpg .this version is for playing on an official server file sharing daemon/client. a clipboard plugin for the xfce4 panel. classic 1.2.6 version without the scroll bug robotics service bus common lisp tools a fork of squeak, an implementation of the object-oriented, dynamically typed, reflective programming language smalltalk bitcoin classic with bitcoind, bitcoin-tx, and bitcoin-cli count lines of code quickly jdrivesync is a simple command line tool that synchronizes a local file system structure to your google drive (and back) qtermwidget bindings for pyqt5 library for serializing ocaml values to and from s-expressions all-in-one software for remote support and online meetings ros - euslisp ros message and service generators. dbus interface of libcppjieba && chinese2pinyin for kde5 ros - this rqt plugin succeeds former dynamic_reconfigures gui (reconfigure_gui), and provides the way to view and edit the parameters that are accessible via dynamic_reconfigure. an open source jpeg 2000 codec (32bit) tool to check c #include dependencies (dependency graphs created in .dot format) provides a simple osd menu based user interface for reading user-defined rss streams a graphical boot splash screen with kernel mode-setting support (development version) convert dblp search results to refer records a very fast random number generator kernel module (dkms version) extension for customizing gnome theme. an educational programming language and ide in russian schools gt3 cursor theme. distributed and fault-tolerant realtime computation system a portable c compiler. shell and scripting language formally known as bush allows building your unity projects for the windows platform clears the contents of strings containing cryptographic material a software renderer for different open handhelds like the gp2x, wiz, caanoo and pandora tray app for syncthing command-line file archiver with high compression ratio, based on libnatspec patch from ubuntu zip-i18n ppa (https://launchpad.net/~frol/archive/zip-i18n). ros - provides nodes to assemble point clouds from either laserscan or pointcloud messages. a usable configuration management system the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. fake implementation of redis api (redis-py) for testing purposes adobe flash plugin support lib (ossv4) a lightweight llvm python binding for writing jit compilers gui frontend for su/sudo the open source modelica suite - openmodelica notebook precision colors for machines and people. guake integration. libraries and tools for the bluetooth protocol stack a postmodern object system for perl 5 a python package with bindings to the 'virtual instrument software architecture' visa library tool to manage a keypair provided by hashicorp vault ip bandwdith watchdog flexible, high-scale api to elasticsearch ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. extension that make the top bar transparent when no window is maximized x11 screen saver extension library (vala bindings). a lightweight suffix-sorting library a python-to-vim bridge decorator to call python functions in vim scripts. ros - timing utilities are very dependent on the system api provided for their use. a client for time synchronisation scanner drivers oki multifunctional printers a java-interoperable language with object-oriented and functional features. this is the maintenance version of scala 2.10. ros - provides nodes to assemble point clouds from either laserscan or pointcloud messages. backends for gnome/mate system tools. flashes the screen and emits a shutter sound the xml c parser and toolkit of gnome the swiss-knife of math teachers. simple tool to produce beautiful mathematical pictures. monospace font for pretty code listings and for the terminal modified by leonardo maffi (http://www.fantascienza.net/leonardo/) perl/cpan module template::plugin::htmltotext: plugin interface to html::formattext cmu sphinx g2p model for chinese koji is a system for building and tracking rpms. this base package contains shared libraries and the command-line interface. offline defragmenter for reiserfs. experimental. do not use it on sensitive data. a blazing fast, modern plugin manager for fish python library for working with htpasswd user (only basic authorization) and group files library for writing clients for django's piston rest apis (python 2) library for python 3 to communicate with the google chromecast. messaging in the emacs world lightweight real-time networking library freedesktop.org message bus system subscripts for gnu bash shells a general classifier module to allow bayesian and other types of classifications. legacy version of gmp. provides libgmp.so.3. create an archive of tap test results a software system for 3d computer graphics, image processing, and visualization (mingw-w64) a unique stop motion clay animated point and click adventure game from the creators of earthworm jim and the neverhood. perl6 dependency manager (bundler) a manpage for the filesystem hierarchy standard. pen tablet and touch screen xinput configuration tool (ptxconf). configures touch/pen devices to work with extended desktops and multiple screens on linux modern, efficient menu for the mate desktop environment - git version low level virtual machine (runtime libraries, 3.9.x) light-weight computer simulator based on mips r4000 map drawing program from openorienteering a shell script for throttling system cpu frequency based on a desired maximum temperature. an extremely simple qt based keyed archiver for usage by the kiss ide suite of applications a regex library that implements perl 5-style regular expressions, 2nd version, includes pcregrep module for mainline nginx that adds rtmp support double-entry accounting ledger packager an implemenation of the dirac video codec in ansi c code (32 bit) a jabber client written in emacs lisp metapackage depending on all the idos-timetable-additionalinfo-chaps-* additional information packages. busque, descargue, y vea el maravilloso contenido ofrecido por el canal encuentro. search, download and see the wonderful content ofered by encuentro (argentine tv channel) classes for qml and javascript languages (mingw-w64) gnome shell search provider for the pass (passwordstore.org) password manager that sends passwords to clipboard (with facultative gpaste integration) focus and select windows in i3. share your terminal over the web posix shell script to quickly manage 2-monitors display. augmented reality library based on opencv adios adaptable io system for simulations. the adaptable io system (adios) provides a simple, flexible way for scientists to describe the data in their code that may need to be written, read, or processed outside of the running simulation. allows easy development of two-dimensional graphical applications, such as simulations and interactive games. the backgrounds included in linux mint 18.1 serena a viewer for .stl files driver for support of local targets in scst a python script that automates the process of signing git sources via gpg m japanese bitmap fonts a secret sharing filesystem a cli and gui frontend to cryptsetup. enables iconic fonts such as font awesome and elusive icons in pyqt and pyside applications an tlen.pl protocol plugin for pidgin a network backup tool for linux, unix, mac and windows - client edition a fortran namelist parser for python polish dictionary for wps office a retro-rpg themed breakout style game (humble bundle version) fuse filesystem for accessing mythtv media multi-platform open source file manager (windows, linux, freebsd, os x) mimicking the look-n-feel of far manager phpqa all-in-one analyzer cli tool. hackint root certificates for irc.hackint.org kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. uml design application symbola is a free symbol-type font. command line client for toggl timekeeping a raw binding for the opengl graphics system a virtual network service for openstack - ibm sdn plugin the ptp daemon (ptpd) implements the precision time protocol (ptp) as defined by the relevant ieee 1588 standard. ptp version 2 implements ieee-1588-2008. ptp was developed to provide very precise time coordination of lan connected computers. a tool for gathering e-mail accounts, subdomain names, virtual hosts, open ports/ banners, and employee names from different public sources (search engines, pgp key servers). a pep 8 python source file checker for vim reminds you when you have to leave a tool to configure gtk theme colors. design tools, documentation, software and support resources for efm32™, efm8™, 8051, wireless mcus and wireless socs. python 2 bindings for orientdb all-in-one gui configurator for the blackbox wm and bbkeys, development version fastmmap session storage backend. a fast, high-quality magnification filter designed for pixel art. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine netcdf, hdf and grib data viewer by nasa giss (no freedesktop.org support) the warehouse keeper must push boxes to designated positions. turtle to header conversion utility for lv2 plugin developers a high-quality data compression program (watcom-cross) module to define equality, equivalence and inspection methods. python-based bitcoin utility library gstreamer multimedia framework good plugins (mingw-w64) the official elementary gtk theme designed to be smooth, attractive, fast, and usable. download streams using the mms protocol and save them to your computer ros - rqt is a qt-based framework for gui development for ros. stub .so for smbclient painless removal todoist cli client, written in golang. high-level, high-performance, dynamic programming language (compiled with the intel mkl library) update client for the dynamic dns services from dyndns and namecheap a 2d graphical, single player role playing game engine the adobe air based ebooks reader a program for simulating computer networks a powerful web and ftp site update checker a command line rom manager for advancemame, advancemess and any other mame derivative library for nintendo 3ds (ctr) homebrew development ros - rqt_py_console is a python gui plugin providing an interactive python console. the skia 2d graphics library from google exposed to .net languages and runtimes across the board trained language data for tesseract ocr engine android platform tools an apple 2, 2e cross-platform emulator ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) pdf library tool for browsing hierarchy of low level objects in a pdf file. lightweight stacking wm with tabbing, dockapps, etc. a full featured web server that eclipses nginx nvidia x ctrl library an integrated robotics gui environment. a small manager for the global sat dg200 gps datalogger allowing track download and device configuration a signal processing library small utilitied to deal with user_ns conversions for lxc containers map packs for the defrag quake3 modification. nvidia's opencl implemention for 'lib32-nvidia-utils-beta' ibm full-system simulator for the cell broadband engine processor package used to retrieve resources of different kinds, e.g. http://, file://, the ros specific package://, etc. a game engine developed by croteam for the classic serious sam games. a small utility that will display dbase iii and iv files and can convert your old .dbf files. a plugin to include country flags in the "peers" tab a reader of comic book archives convert text files with dos or mac line breaks to unix line breaks and vice versa breeze blue cursor theme. ros - rqt_rviz provides a gui plugin embedding rviz. fuzzy-cootie font brings jade support to the jekyll. standalone red-black tree implementation in standard iso-c11 pythonic interface to netcdf4 via h5py an rna-seq alignment suite, by alexander doin a vector graphics library - build with minimal dependencies microsoft azure command-line tools documentdb command module user-mode implementation of view-os. tool for in-depth comparison of files, archives, and directories pure is a modern-style functional programming language based on term rewriting. epson printer driver (px-b700, px-750f) a python wrapper for librtlsdr (a driver for realtek rtl2832u based sdr's) full-screen window manager that multiplexes a physical terminal with true-color support free implementation of the .net platform including runtime and compiler. nightly version. virtualbox guest kernel modules sources builds a catalogue of objects from an astronomical image ros - rosbuild contains scripts for managing the cmake-based build system for ros. enforce best practices for javascript promises boost build system, nightly build modules for tux commander - git checkout qt package manager a simple tool to rearrange/merge/delete pages from pdf files embedded scripting language designed from the ground up to directly target c a standalone html5 (with flash fallback) music streaming server based on cherrypy and jplayer. git devel-branch. a supercharged git/shell autocompleter with github integration. moksha tclock module built from git sources a command language and shell based on python python2 bindings for the spread toolkit a set of simple command-line utilities for manipulating high dynamic range images in openexr format. a unicode enabled rxvt-clone terminal emulator (urxvt) allows users to execute shell commands under different root filesystems. (successor to dchroot). provides a bidirectional mapping data structure and related functionality to naturally work with one-to-one relations in python 2 utility to set and render oled icons on wacom intuos4 family tablets. a simple, robust python interface to the r programming language. virtual terminal emulator widget for use with gtk3 with fedora and tilix patches record what's happening on your desktop a package depending on all the fonts from the league of the moveable type library for reading and writing to the national norwegian geographical sosi-format an open source vehicle simulator based on soft-body physics linux system v init gohufont with powerline and statusbar symbols. nvidia's gpu programming toolkit. version 7.5 open motif for x86_64 architecture a utility to detect the content format of a disk or disk image intel threading building blocks (tbb) 4.4.3 provides thumbnailer definition to generate thumbnails for raw images in file managers like nautilus or nemo allow connection through usb - dhcp setup emacs frontend to gnu global source code tagging system cross-platform c xmpp client and server library service for creating mathml and svgs. a pythonic wrapper around fftw. lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp-9270cdn various dwarf utils top-down maze game libertinus font family, a fork of linux libertine and linux biolinum with bugfixes and an opentype math companion. a library implementing the 'semver' scheme a library for the calculation of piecewise linear interpolations in n-dimensions with any number of masters. a small library for extracting rich content from urls. a compression/decompression library for open watcom (cross-)compilation tool to convert rich text format (rtf) documents to latex 2e format. free/busy module providing user- and resource-availability information astrometry.net plate-solving the dns suite by dj bernstein, including dnscache, tinydns, axfrdns and dnstools. stable read and write ntfs driver and ntfsprogs. this package will allow normal users to mount ntfs volumes. the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. flexible and extensible framework for the modelling of build pipelines in a declarative yaml format, written in python httprint is a web server fingerprinting tool. a port of ruby on rails inflector to python carddav/caldav server that backs onto a git repository (git version) displays system informations like cpu type and speed, disk and swap space etc. image registration plugin for the gimp rhyming dictionary for the console. library to communicate with ptp devices like cameras or mp3 players a library for parsing and interpreting the results of computational chemistry packages. (git version) cross-distribution system package compiler the berkeley db embedded database system 5.1 a multiuser clone of the famous microprose game of civilization - sdl client passff native messaging host application for firefox, chromium, chrome, vivaldi french tv guide with record function an x11 client for common lisp license installer for graphlab create a free python library for scripting launchpad through its web services interface. tools for efficient iterative estimation of statistical n-gram language models fte quakeworld. engine for quake 1,2,3 and hexen 2 open type fonts released by arkandis digital foundry cli to generate books and documentation using gitbook posix bindings for lua suite of pictographic creative commons icons next generation of the python high-level scripting language (native msvc version) (mingw-w64) app for display info about radeon card r6rs scheme implementation, from github's master branch core x11 protocol client library system independent reading and writing of n-dimensional spectra this package provides common files for brother lpr drivers packages. on-the-fly urxvt font size adjustments ros - contains scripts used by the rosboost-cfg tool for determining cflags/lflags/etc. hyper.sh cli client python interface for ecos. tools for network block devices, allowing you to use remote block devices over tcp/ip - git checkout a set of language and system independant corba interfaces for creating reusable components highly realistic 3d car simulator using opengl, cg version (for newer video cards) collection of cryptographic algorithms and protocols, implemented for use from python 3. gpx viewer and analyzer access server for bgbilling a dark, minimalistic & xfce4 fast theme vim plugin for extending lines (e.g., underlined titles) software package for prediction of retention times in mass spectorometry experiments. builds malware analysis windows vms so that you don't have to. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-mptcp kernel ogre meshy is a tool for viewing ogre mesh files. delegate session storage to an django component of the python-social-auth ecosystem sophisticated text editor for code, html and prose - nightly build (available to registered users only) classroom management software which enables teachers to view and control computers the gnu compiler collection. stage 2 for toolchain building (powerpc-linux-gnu) an event notification library (for hiphop compiler) port of the classic dos game tyrian pdf support for zathura by using the mupdf library ls in tree form a fits file format-verification tool an interactive mencoder wrapper to encode dvd/video to fmp4/divx a high-level python web framework that encourages rapid development and clean design a cpu identification utility. provides more info than /proc/cpuinfo static code analyzer for c, c and c# stardict japanese-multilingual dictionary: japanese to english. a dynamic python binding for the qt framework (svn version) a python module managing large amount of running shadowsocks server instances. a network "tee" program that can typically transfer data between "n" nodes. online backup and storage powered by amazon s3™ and rackspace. this is the server daemon only. ocf resource agents for rgmanager and pacemaker menu driven auto-completion for bash terminals under x automatically sorts anime using information from anidb.net gnuradio blocks and tools for receiving gsm transmissions a friendly copy of the ilbc codec from the webrtc project a french male voice for the mbrola synthesizer php extensions for classes supporting common datastructures a tool for making hackers do excellent presentations hsqldb java libraries, version 2 the msx emulator that aims for perfection. 3d physics platform game that tells the story of a plucky wheeled robot named poll. a python chess library with move generation/validation and pgn/polyglot/gaviota/syzygy/uci support an open-source implementation of the red alert engine using .net/mono and opengl sudo for policykit by using wheel group ldap schema for fusiondirectory mail plugin toolpath generator for 3-axis cnc machining, written in python. firmwares for hdhomerun devices put into /opt/hdhomerun/firmware/ count k-mers in a set of reads from genome sequencing projects portuguese (brazilian) language pack for firefox beta a key input driver wrapper for the contour-shuttleprov2, a jog/shutlle device designed for a/v editing data pretty printing made easy deepin crossover. lpr and cups driver for the brother hl2150n a port of node.js's eventemitter to python simple journald log viewer plasmoid perl perlx::assert cpan module plugins for mackerel-agent a lightweight, fast, portable and secure addition to any firewall system or security infrastructure. a wiki that is backed by bazaar that allows local branching of the wiki for later merging. also doesn't have any page locks and uses bazaar's three way merging. run code with temporarily modified global state flexible, screen-oriented mud client, for use with any type of mud a unicode enabled rxvt-clone terminal emulator (urxvt) - latest cvs revision zpm ( zsh plugin manager ) is an yet another plugin manager for zsh similar to vim-plug ros - tf2_eigen. tools for manipulating opendocument 1.2 files interactive web plotting for python looks at python code to search for things which look dodgy such as passwords or diffs the modem::vgetty module is a perl interface to the vgetty program, which can be used for communication with the voice modems. hygienic macros for javascript apache weex cli toolkit a mouse theme with circles python client to remotely access the r statistic package via network a fast, real-time (audio) feature extraction utility for automatic speech, music and paralinguistic recognition research a card- and webdav web client brazilian portuguese locale for keepass vim filetype plugin for ledger files. libretro port of melonds, new nintendo ds emulator cangjie input method library a simple service and command line interface to manage networkmanager based connections to vyprvpn. a fast csv toolkit written in rust breeze cursor themes for lefties ros - common service definitions. light weight cross-platform test automation tool for authoring test cases in the business language. a photo filter for exposure, brightness and lighting correction pycarddav is a simple to use carddav cli client a cross-platform python spreadsheet application. python 2.7 version complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mg2500 series (mg2500, mg2540s etc.) suite of tools for icewm read/write access to png images in pure ruby the binding of isaac  wrath of the lamb expansion - humble indie bundle version qemu gui written in qt5 custom memory allocator interface ros - opencv 3.x. a plain-text based distributed social network build on top of git configuration manager linux somagic easycap dc60, ezcap usb 2.0, and easycap002 capture software shared libraries for gsm 06.10 lossy speech compression (mingw-w64) starts suckless dwm wrapped in a gnome session. list movies. grab metadata fromimdb and interact with opensubtitles rmblast is a repeatmasker compatible version of the standard ncbi blast suite. tool to automate backing up snapper snapshots to other medias look up country of ip address. this module make this off-line and the db of ips is free & small. joins gettext and maketext frameworks web out of browsers provides several applications to interact with a lot of websites. headless version, for use in e.g. cozy/kresus. a java ee application server, drived from glassfish open source edition. the opengl extension wrangler library fork, cortex-m cores support, better integration with the gnu arm qemu debugging plug-in a simple bash script for managing posix users and groups stored in a ldap directory a leslie audio effect with jack, osc control, and (optionally) an opengl gui. jack client to transmit audio over a local ip network. diagnostic log and trace client viewer header files and scripts for building modules for linux-lts44 kernel chrome/chromium extension to use https whenever possible e-book reader for linux a fork of the dwipe command that will securely erase disks using a variety of recognised methods (from git) a free gui replacement for the java command-line utilities keytool, jarsigner and jadtool os-agnostic, system-level binary package manager and ecosystem dict package for english-malayalam freedict dictionary for dict protocol clients logitech k810 keyboard configurator, change function keys (f-keys) behavior. read usage at https://aur.archlinux.org/cgit/aur.git/tree/readme.md?h=k810-conf japanese rounded gothic font (handwritten style) helper for adjusting keyboard backlight brightness in asus zenbook ux31a and similar models a remote sensing application based on orfeo toolbox major mode for editing mozart/oz. a task manager for mobilistas. unique organisation scheme, the power of tags with the simplicity of folders. syntax checker for mail sieves. json-rpc 2.0 client and server for perl 6 python2 stomp client, supporting versions 1.0, 1.1 and 1.2 of the protocol datastax php driver for apache cassandra - git version ghost-compatible blogging platform written in golang the simplest way to keep notes. a graphical sawfish extension to edit the session preferences bluetooth baseband decoding library an mmo originally by disney, rewritten. an account is needed to play. same like rxvt-unicode-better-wheel-scrolling  enabled frillsunicode3 to support (vim) powerline/airline (http://powerline.readthedocs.io/en/master/troubleshooting.html#urxvt-unicode3-and-frills) ascii fluid dynamics (21st ioccc honorable mention) yeoman generator for ansible sphinx spelling extension system information gatherer and reporter a simple and fast 1.2 lolcode interpreter written in c. vocp is a complete messaging solution for voice modems, with voicemail, fax, email pager, dtmf command shell and text-to-speech support, 3 guis and a web interface. send and receive faxes and voicemail, listen to emails and execute programs on the host. cross-platform open source redis, memcached, ssdb, leveldb, rocksdb, unqlite, lmdb, upscaledb gui management tool. varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko nylas mail: a new mail client for linux, mac and windows, built on the modern web and designed to be extended. (formerly n1, official binary version) advanced dicom viewer and dicomizer plasmoid for plasma 5 for controlling redshift. binding for darkcoin x11 proof of work hashing. qt4 desktop wallpaper changer, using multiple online and offline sources the gnu debugger modified for d language support application for monitoring and listening to tetra voice channels ros - this library provides a standardized interface for processing data as a sequence of filters. ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. bindings between numpy and eigen using boost::python microsoft pdo drivers for php for sql server a python library module designed to make it easy to work with xml client library for openstack dbaas api bundle library of emoji4unicode at google embedded key-value store for fast storage (static library) bsd-finger ported to linux, with ipv6 and other debian patches systemd python bindings an information management tool. viewer for portable document format (pdf) files, legacy version without qt ros - placeholder package enabling generic export of media paths. collection of scripts for reading windows log files a free video player for unix (mercurial version with all possible libs) a port of original steve bourne shell from 1978 cups driver for samsung xpress m262x and m282x printers unix lc-3 simulator from mcgraw-hill higher education wysiwyg qt4 editor and graphical frontend to various cases powerful command-line bookmark manager. geographic information system (gis) for some russian and ukrainian cities. vp8 and vp9 video codecs (git version with all possible options) driver for intel ethernet network connection l. c. smith typewriter font. x.org initialisation program collect an arch package using its information from a local pacman database sync down, decrypt, edit, encrypt, sync up firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - nepali indent and reformat perl scripts a simple and pretty application launcher for kde next generation, high-performance debugger a fast and modern javascript engine (old 3.15 version required for ethereum) a free scenario for aleph one that continues the story of the marathon trilogy text editor, patched to be able to run as root library for ay-3-8912 chip emulation and ym music files (libstsound) tool for uploading a local mbox file to imap4 server ruby/ntlm provides message creator and parser for the ntlm authentication. theme radiance graphite adapted for lxqt a library that is designed to simplify the development of webcam applications japanese truetype font obtained by mixing m and ipa. a memory profiler for python. as easy as adding a decorator. a qt/qml application to assist with solving the popular rubik's cube a modern, light-weight gtk file manager for linux, currently in beta static gprbuild to bootstrap xml/ada and gprbuild itself music publisher, creates postscript printed music or midi usb reverse-engineering toolkit a simple game, written in vala a 32-bit *nix userland written in assembly an astronomical world map that shows day and night and the sun and moon positions a tool for multi-repo development similar to android repo a collection of routines used to create png format graphics files - 1.4 version a gimp plugin to do the fourier transform. the samba configuration tool by red hat invisible plasmatheme for kde 4 open source and cross-platform desktop application that runs web-based music streaming services in its own window and provides integration with your desktop. a full-fledged subprocess interface for python 2 that allows you to call any program as if it were a function an electron wrapper for wunderlist made with ❤️ for linux (specially for elementary os) restore system time across reboots when the internal clock is dead. java based grbl compatible cross-platform g-code sender low level virtual machine xmpp plugin for roundcube webmail based on converse.js a small yet quite capable shell script for encoding video files to the h.265/hevc video format using ffmpeg and libx265. handles jsonrpc and xmlrpc requests easily with django a linux extension that adds support to the /etc/resolver/[suffix]. simple x11 1-key keyboard layout switcher a roguelike game with a quest-centric, plot driven structure a development tool that is primarily used to create graphical adventure games includes helper methods for interacting with gravatars outside of template code perl vm::ec2 cpan module a powerful file manager for the unix console. written in python 3.4 music downloader for usenet and torrents. python3 for microcontrollers, with stdlib. (unix version) logging daemon for platform reliability, availability and serviceability (ras), replacing mcelog multiplatform, multithreaded dvd to mpeg-4/h264/theora converter (cli version) python-ssl-fetch, a dependency of gentoo-mirrorselect. front-end for gcc's coverage testing tool gcov put near-realtime picture of earth as your desktop background. common tools and data structures implemented in pure python. scaleio gui natural language analysis libraries sopcast launcher allows you to open sopcast links with a media player of your choice fork of archup a small and lightweight update-notifier for archlinux. a commandline chromecast player cli tool to convert docker images to aci an online/offsite backup solution (enterprise edition) bitcoinxt headless p2p node with only bigblocks patch openwrt ubus rpc backend server a script which searches all hard drives attached to the computer for information related to booting. gnu grand unified bootloader (2) with linux as the default kernel a small self-contained alternative to readline and libedit easy-to-use self-cleaning scratch space. 7 nanocycles is a game of flying down an endless corridor of neon wire-meshes and geometrical shapes. a screamingly fast, ultra-lightweight wsgi server for python, written in c. packet-o-matic real time network packet capture forensic tool a halloween themed 3d action adventure (humble bundle) ld_preload hack to color stderr output red linux mint xfce background a tetris-like falling blocks game upload your files to your mega account from nautilus. an object-oriented rtp library written in c ros - messages for automatic topic configuration using rosserial. python oop wrapper library for lcdproc telnet api elementary tweaks plug for switchboard the pixel-manipulation library for x and cairo logging for the qt cross-platform application framework simple linux utility to autocomplete words using rofi hust online judge web ui a fortran 2008 json api python module to interface with inet_diag evdev/uinput input mangling server editorconfig plugin for gedit personal database software confluence schedule table return n-d labeled arrays and datasets in python adds virtual interfaces support to python-novaclient python repl build on top of prompt_toolkit generic input driver for the x.org server based on libinput - git version a program for simulating illumina paired-end dna reads from a genome responsible, low-boilerplate logging of method calls for python libraries the command-line interface to spotify styx gmail message tray gnome shell extension a backward-compatibile xbacklight replacement png optimisation tool using google's zopfli library, git version. linux nis server extensible and flexible object <-> relational mapper. fortune quotes from metalocalypse a tool to use with the gx package manager for packages written in go. a vt100-compatible, output-only terminal emulator for parsing script(1) typescript. a 2d multiplayer arcade - mkrace client modification icon font with 222 weather themed icons multitouch event viewer. tool for periodic image capturing with digital canon cameras a light-weight prolog system for distributed applications and infrastructures. libretro implementation of quicknes core. (nes) keyboard and mouse sharing solution. synergy allows you to share one mouse and keyboard between multiple computers. work seamlessly across windows, macos and linux. perl/cpan module sys::fs - filesystem interaction tools rust implementation of the open containers initiative oci-runtime open source midi synthesizer (32-bit) fill your console with hollywood melodrama technobabble. implementations of approximate inference methods for discrete graphical models a portable emulator for the super nintendo entertainment system qt5-based gui for nmap delete messages from folders distributed restful search engine built on top of lucene a program to write hybrid iso files onto a usb disk from linux, mac or windows ready to boot. turns the spacebar key to another control key plugins for audacious. gtk2 version. java grid authentication program by the uk national grid service create and extract archives in thunar (git checkout) dbus monitor for xmonad log events c api & command-line toolkit for working with bam data a module to parse the open graph protocol deamon that monitors events in the file system directories a library for support vector machines classification (mingw-w64) conquest of the wizardlands: dlc expansion for dungeons of dredmor portable library mainly aimed at video game and multimedia programming catalyst apache engines zero overhead utilities for preventing bugs at compile time a standard notes app with an un-standard focus on longevity, portability, and privacy. a flat and light theme with a modern look using arch linux colors (gnome, openbox, unity, xfce) a plugin for gedit 3 to strip trailing whitespace on save control cmus player via global mediakeys a simple baby keyboard masher application. generic buffer management (gbm) implementation used in chromium os distributed multihead x server and utilities - git c and qml apis for easy inclusion of 3d graphics (mingw-w64) cron-like scheduler for perl subroutines multi-channel acars decoder for rtl_sdr linux somagic easycap dc60 and easycap002 capture software noise library for 2d data property-based host configuration management in haskell 'heuristically determine the indent style' transcoding suite built around vapoursynth and ffmpeg python library, command-line tools and server for annotating mandarin chinese with phonetics (pinyin, zhuyin, etc.) and colors by tone. a high-level utility package for fmi-based software development (mingw-w64) a very simple convenience library for handling properties and signals in c11 gemalto pkcs#11 driver the active log file monitoring tool interface to perforce api for python 3 streamlining phylogenomic data gathering, processing and visualization python package for designing, analyzing, and testing numerical methods for initial value odes experimental lv2 to vst2.x wrapper menu editor for lxde wolfenstein: enemy territory 2.60b compatible client/server (etlegacy mod) python c extension to query the kernel arp cache for the mac address of a given ip address. a llvm backend for the kotlin compiler parse javascript source maps. record and replay framework: lightweight recording and deterministic debugging windows xp-10/2003-2016 guest drivers and agent for spice-enabled qemu vms twister core - p2p microblogging 465 free truetype fonts by brian kent natural language toolkit, contrib area ros - assorted filters designed to operate on 2d planar laser scanners, which use the sensor_msgs/laserscan type. tool for creating romfs images alternate files in neovim quickly (.c -> .h etc) finding errors using n-gram data, chinese text command-line utility to monitor web pages for updates move dialog integrated in the owncloud-file-manager the transifex command-line tool to download and upload translations from transifex modification for jedi knight ii: jedi outcast. qt sdk for the raspberry pi1 a gtk3 frontend for libalpm web based home automation bash tool to manage your teeworlds servers very small elliptic curve cryptography library thin/fast corba orb a one-button multiplayer mining cart game parallel file synchronization and ssh tool a fancy start screen for vim. historical copy of the libraries module of kde 1, adapted to compile on modern systems (circa. 2016) lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j425w a collection of command-line utilities that are used for maintaining and administering mysql servers the sarge package provides a wrapper for subprocess which provides command pipeline functionality. this library can be used as a module for fog or as standalone provider to use the vmware fusion in applications. communications toolbox - ctb. multiplatform library for different interfaces (rs232, gpib) gstreamer based to setup dvb devices, record and watch tv shows and browse epg. an advanced, feature packed, multi-platform 2d and 3d game engine, with pulseaudio spanish dnie root certificates a small tool to do the statistics legwork on benchmarks etc. command line mercury fpga programmer browser source plugin for obs-studio based on cef. alternative to obs-qtwebkit. a simple, customizable and fast web browser a tool for dynamically adjusting the nice level of processes under unix-like operating systems. bash script for downgrading one or more packages to a version in your cache or the a.l.a. command line based tool for pe32/pe32 file analysis a framework application for host multiplexion a open source epg digital video recorder system for linux. ros - hector_geotiff provides a node that can be used to save occupancy grid map, robot trajectory and object of interest data to robocup rescue compliant geotiff images. irc client with enhanced media capabilities provide logging to posix native syslog facility waspmote pro ide from libelium convert statistical analysis objects into tidy data frames. library for computation using data flow graphs for scalable machine learning pidgin plugin to stop spam plugin for vapoursynth: nnedi3cl (git version) perl-compatible regular expression support for the sqlite loads data organized in a tree a free cross-platform genome analysis suite maldita castilla (cursed/damn castile) is an action arcade game like ghost and goblins full of myths from spain and the rest of europe cloud storage and filesharing application with a focus on security and abstraction of storage. kernel module driver for sunix sun1889 sun1989 sun1999 sun2212 sun2410 ul7502aq ul7512eq ul7522eq pci pcie multi i/o parallel serial rs-232 422 485 port dell lenovo acer startech a easy-to-use password manager for windows, linux, mac os x and mobile devices. (wine version) wallpaper browser/cycler for fluxbox, etc, and batch image-processing frontend for cli programs such as feh and imagemagick native pandora radio client check if your filesystem is case sensitive or case tolerant (insensitive) comprehensive vim utility functions for vim plugins a portable panoramic image viewer with 3d rotation and perspective control, using opengl in the qt framework st with scrollback and url launching patches text mode box and comment drawing filter basic libraries and other examples for hets evernote clone (formerly nevernote) -- git checkout low level library functions for zorp a full-featured, pure-python tiling window manager. modules to read, write and calculate replay gain a beautiful persian font based on gandom font. side scrolling tar ball fun game (demo) open source version of the ibm toolbox for java, a series of tools to easily access to ibm as/400 and iseries data and resources a command line utility for searching and streaming videos from youtube. dom and selector assertions for rails applications extracts cab files from installshield installers a cross-platform 3d game interpreter which allows you to play lucasarts' lua-based 3d adventures an x-cursor-theme for use along with the numixproject products. icons set for linux distribution with more than 30.000 icons included. the massively parallel quantum chemistry program. version with shared libraries utils for fatelf universal binaries for linux interface to iris-based web departure monitors (as used by deutschebahn) the linux-ec2 kernel and modules openwrt mbim modem utility a virtual network service for openstack - bigswitch plugin agent power manager for xfce desktop a simple to use ftp client, designed for elementary os. a curses-based tool for viewing and analyzing log files transport stream muxer. new generation (3d capable). gui a simple utility that modifies your symlinks openjdk java 7 development kit app container server an open-source library for mathematical programming an opensource computer lab management and monitoring tool ros - ros-ified version of gmapping slam. a gtk2::perl application for ripping and encoding dvd's openstack identity - daemon epson printer driver (px-602f) static blog compiler with incremental updates flexible music library manager and tagger - git version python http for humans, with socks proxy support http proxy for mega.nz a software for automatically scheduling the timetable of a school, high-school or university. numeric fu for the command line mkinitcpio hooks that allow booting from arch installed in a file image or subdir a gui for gnu indent, uncrustify, artistic styler, php stylist, ruby beautify, html tidy and many other mopidy extension for playing music from subsonic servers an input event remapping daemon for linux ros - the octomap library implements a 3d occupancy grid mapping approach, providing data structures and mapping algorithms in c. python-based viewer for hdf5 on other file formats; hdf-view replacement advanced opensource erp and crm server a python plotting library for making publication quality plots, master git branch the sysroot manager that lets you build and customize std tool to transfer data between 2 systems as fast as possible over multiple tcp paths a servicemenu for kde4 which allows easy access to most of dropbox features. it uses dropbox cli to generate public urls, and pyndexer to allow sharing directories in public directory. lua 5.3 bindings for opengl an open source, native code compiled, dialect of rebol gnu readline-like line editing module finds dead code in python projects linux tool to dump x86 cpuid information about the cpu(s) a validating xml parser written in a portable subset of c. canon ij printer driver for pixma ip2700 series (with cnijfilter-common330) ropemode, a helper for using rope refactoring library in ides cross-platform console software-defined radio (sdr) receiver/decoder for marine automatic information system (ais) signals libmtp bindings in python (python 2 version) websocket client and server library for python. a package for the manipulation of binary decision diagrams (bdds) and similar structures python utmp wrapper for un*x systems inconsolata for powerline lingot is a musical instrument tuner. 2d real-time role-playing game. next generation web scanner that identifies what websites are running. djgpp cross-compiler for the dosbox environment plugin that makes screenshots for the xfce panel. small application helping you to create tikz diagrams a gkrellm plugin showing/setting current mldonkey donwload/upload rate. output device that does nothing libretro implementation of hatari v1.8 (atari st/ste/tt/falcon) with ipf support ssh module for guile based on libssh an arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant emacs theme non-validating sql parser for python; version for mycli in aur linear algebra package (mingw-w64) yeahwm - a window manager for x based on evilwm and aewm with little resource usage. simple client library for interacting with openstack clouds easily deploy applications at any scale - a distributed, highly available, datacenter-aware scheduler a set of over 40 weather icons ada bindings for the gtk library. ipkiss is a parametric design framework focused (but not limited) to photonic circuit design, originally constructed at ghent university and imec. nodejs cli app to search torrent sites and stream using peerflix critcl lets you easily embed c code in tcl. the linux-lts-ck kernel and modules with the ck1 patchset featuring muqss cpu scheduler v0.150 improved version of computer modern fonts as used in latex libksysguard script for downloading coursera.org videos and naming them flexible utf-8 string library and type-safe formatter for c one fonts of adobe's adobekaitistd.r style. king arthur's gold beta is a game about building castles and destroying your enemies (inspired by soldat and minecraft). an electric diagram editor brother hl-2250dn cups driver openbox key editor - converted to pygobject. user-mode driver and gtk3 based gui for steam controller dockapp that performs long downloads in background bluetooth audio alsa backend bash only provisioning tool an fm-rds receiver for gnu radio the hell build system produces figures which text can flow around. store multiple values per key icinga plugin to check bareos backup director databases plex plugin for linux vdr a virtual desktop wallpaper switcher for kde plasma 5 totd (trick or treat daemon) is dns-proxy for ipv4/ipv6 translation (dns-alg) prometheus exporter for machine metrics (binary, not built from source) a very bright, simple but daily usable theme for openbox fork of the suds library, modified to meet the needs for interaction with the servers of datové schránky a kernel module for microchip mcp2210 usb-to-spi bridge command line tool and library wrappers around iwlist and /etc/network/interfaces. (python3 version) portoguese (brazil) language pack for pale moon browser management of automount entries ros - placeholder package enabling generic export of media paths. emas is a modern assembler for mera 400 port of the 'colossal cave adventure' text-based adventure game github like contributions calendar on terminal epson printer driver (xp-600, xp-700, xp-800) a library for parsing and interpreting the results of computational chemistry packages. a tool which facilitates building oci images roboto mono is a monospaced addition to the roboto type family. optional static typing for python manjaro's official gtk2, gtk3, metacity, xfwm, openbox, cinnamon and gnome shell themes. dark version. linux driver for ite lpc chips command line client for ipinfo.io, darksky.io *booru scraper in haskell command line password generator perl/cpan module convert::basen: encoding and decoding of base{2,4,8,16,32,64} strings cmake wrapper for psp (psp) a simple fakeroot based package manager for lfs inspired by archlinux. gtk-2.0 & gtk-3.0 compatible theme old ww2 era font used for creating historical documents and artwork nosql redis and memcache traffic generation and benchmarking tool. ros - this package contains generic definitions of geometric shapes and bodies. a visual instrument and realtime video sampler for gnu/linux (utilities) a set of fixed-width fonts designed for code listings. a zsh plugin to search history, a clean-room implementation of the fish shell feature python library for extract property from data. mhwaveedit is a graphical program for editing, playing and recording sound files. editor for the family of coras security analysis diagrams. rdkit - a collection of cheminformatics and machine-learning software written in c and python. timezone updates based on location library to help the exploitation of format string vulnerabilities a customized client by cytral for this 2d shooting game free open type font to open up governments. parallel executor, distributes tasks over network or cpus a passive hierarchichal profiler for php. freetype python bindings system for processing and editing of unstructured 3d models arising in 3d scanning (qt5 version) a freely available text editor for unix and others os - latest development version adds flavor of interactive filtering to the traditional pipe concept of unix shell kde document viewer, without mobi/epub/chm and text-to-speech ros - nav_msgs defines the common messages used to interact with the navigation stack. ros - polled_camera contains a service and c helper classes for implementing a polled camera driver node and requesting images from it. the director's cut of the sequel to an adventure in post-nuclear america provides smooth subversion to git migration and synchronisation an italian male voice for the mbrola synthesizer api documentation for libcutechess java extensions for use with the docbook xml stylesheets and the saxon xslt engine fuse filesystem over adb tool for android devices, no device root required collaborative sql editor to write, run, and share queries instantly cpan package data::amf modified initcpio encrypt hook capable of using remote luks header changes the current ruby. supports both zsh and bash. manage multiple sender accounts in mutt an open-source implementation of a vban audio protocol receiver golang lint a tool for reengineering android apk files a desktop application for using the bazaar version control system gtk2 engine to make your desktop look like the art glass works done by venicians glass blowers (32 bit) transparent theme based on air and eleonora. but giving it an extra touch collection of lv2 plug-ins for audio-level metering from x42 a free software project which allows to analyze samples of musical instruments, and to combine them (morphing). a tool for managing btrfs and lvm snapshots. it can create, diff and restore snapshots and provides timelined auto-snapping. show information about binary files and find gadgets to build rop chains for different architectures news feed extension for sphinx gorgeous geometric font with extended latin support (regular, alternates, subrayada) icon font for all-the-icons.el (a utility package to collect various icon fonts and propertize them within emacs.) ros - hardware interface base class. use shapely or geojson-like geometric objects as matplotlib paths and patches. code smarter and faster with the leading ide for today's major web languages, including python, php, node.js, perl, go and ruby. - xul based cern ldap printer database client ros - rosbuild contains scripts for managing the cmake-based build system for ros. python bindings for your taskwarrior database a set of c wrappers around the lv2 c api mate service menus for beyond compare 4 a library for working with lidar data - development headers zcd stands for zero configuration dispatchers. it is a framework for remote procedure call. transcriptome assembly and differential expression analysis for rna-seq. check status of multiple git repositories in one pass ham radio - weather satellite apt format image decoder using x/gtk norwegian nynorsk dictionary for aspell h264 streaming module for apache. qemu with pc-lite system python api for cross-platform colored terminal text. ncurses bittorrent client based on libtorrent with color patch. a library for parsing textmate bundles. the linux perf gui for performance analysis downloadtool for one-click-hoster written in python. simple wrapper around most of the libcanberra public api writefull is an app that gives feedback on your writing by checking your text against databases of correct language. 'emulate class::accessor::fast behavior using moose attributes' bullettrain prompt builder written in python a generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer. git version. an arch-linux themed kdm greeter with user list selection box (optimised for 1920x1200 displays, designed to seamlessly blend into the oxyarch splash screen) a module chain to faciliate the creation and modification of high-quality pdf files a minimal, cross-platform shared library for sigrok, intended to take care of the os-specific details when writing software that uses serial ports (git version) client for billing system bgbilling 6.1 program that will teach you touchtyping (czech) gajim plugin for omemo multi-end message and object encryption. the esp8266/esp32 build helper tool by christian klippel a raw video sequence player a utility like xargs, but with enhanced support for multiprocessor machines a new generation cloud backup tool based on lock-free deduplication a graphical boot splash screen with kernel mode-setting support fly is a c program that creates png, jpeg or gif images on the fly from cgi and other programs. a ttf font family with a great monospaced variant for programmers. filepreviewer plugin for zarafa webapp googles caladea font photographs of some stops within the idsjmk (brno region) public transport area, to be used with the timetable search engines by chaps. a cross-platform 3d game interpreter which allows you to play lucasarts lua-based 3d adventures. heavy duty persistence for lua 5.3 c bindings for avro data serialization framework a bridge between vdr and oscam. lantern is a free desktop application that delivers fast, reliable and secure access to the open internet. (headless version) arcade database file to display fighting move commands in emulators run a command under a network namespace a gobject based library that implements a reusable plugin system lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-l8850cdw multiplatform soundcard packet radio modem without configuration gui alternative uses of the tx fonts, with improved metrics. ld_preload hack to color stderr output red vhdl simulator - gcc flavour a command line interface for the pirate bay oslo messaging api matlab engine api for python creates a graph of dependencies from gnu-make grafana module for icinga web 2 (supports influxdb & graphite) very hard sidescrolling platformer/shooter decentralized websites using bitcoin crypto and the bittorrent network. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j410w a python connection to ds9 via xpa tiny password manager mapollage is a photo album generator for google earth, a photo kml maker nutstore integration for nautilus. plugin for vapoursynth: vsrawsource (git version) enables darker-than-dark desktop dimming for your displays. mono bindings for libgnome active server pages for apache with mod_perl dropbox systray icons from the kfilebox program the itsy package management system disassembler for lua compiled bytecode (git) lightbend reactive platform's build and tutorial tool lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j625dw openfabrics alliance direct access transport libraries for infiniband aims to provide functions to handle, parse and validate standard numbers, e.g. iban, ean, isbn a pam module that send hostname to gateway host uftp is an encrypted multicast file transfer program, designed to securely, reliably, and efficiently transfer files to multiple receivers simultaneously. a generic fuzzing and delta-debugging framework low-level malbolge assembler, ooh! is a tool that builds malbolge programs from hell low level virtual machine (runtime libraries) a plugin for ogmrip which adds support for the ogg container udev rule for the vive for the group "plugdev" simplistic port-like solution for developers a tool for checking if a new version of some software has been released. ros - kobukis capabilities. ros - metapackage of rqt plugins that are particularly used with robots during its operation. a tool to quickly find identical files within directory trees sf2/xi instrument inspection/conversion utilities  looppoint insertiontools for aiff/wav..all for loopedinstrument fanatics. beamer theme that complies with the corporate design of the rheinmain university of applied sciences. tomtom gps watch utilities a collection of free opentype fonts by jos buivenga. includes delicious, diavlo, fontin, fontin sans and tallys a portable, embeddable scheme implementation (git snapshot) merge or split pdf documents and rotate, crop and rearrange their pages emacs-mode for writing gnuplot scripts an original font created by indestructible type*. it is inspired by the designs of paul renner. lexicon is an instant dictionary for linux. posix ipc-backed asgi channel layer implementation a multilayer and overlappable gui system for ogre (mingw-w64) startup-system independent startup scripts extract android apks for running in chrome os or chrome in os x, linux and windows a lightweight pure c library built to use minimal cpu and memory resources, and provide fast throughput in both directions. a powerful and robust templating system for python. istat server for linux eiskaltdc daemon restic is a program that does backups right. a windowmaker dock app for weather reports. urdu fonts (jameel noori nastaleeq (kasheeda), nafees web naskh, pdms saleem quran font) and font configuration to set jameel noori nastaleeq as default font for urdu a pythonic interface for google mail sass for python: a straightforward binding of libsass for python. client library, written in c, for extracting audio fingerprints. kernel module for google chromeos suzy-q programmator a simple mosh wrapper with profile settings a parallel algorithms library which resembles the c standard template library (stl). babel js source adobe(r) flash(r) video format (flv) to mpeg4 transcoder from vixy.net. buy and manage ssl certs from the command line php project build system based on apache ant. adds two-factor authentication through google authenticator. object oriented access to cascading style sheets (css) tree explorer plugin for navigating the filesystem command line interface for hexo: a fast, simple & powerful blog framework. a command-line client for imgur. 1password-compatible password management tool for linux extends non-mouse classes as well as mouse classes papirus dark theme for kde plasma 5 make pidgin im conversations appear in the gnome shell message tray latex template for the physica status solidi journal system and service manager an eclipse builder for android projects using scala constants for libzmq python copy-on-write b-tree library tool to convert qmake build scripts to cmake. dzongkha font - bhutanese style dbu-can opentype font created by christopher fynn a fork of specimen, a midi controllable audio sampler, for jack. c language family frontend for llvm a pager for the git-version of sawfish the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for mips64 target (big endian) bash::completion::plugins::perlbrew - bash completion for perlbrew metapackage for installing all of the first robotics competition c/c build system components custom desktop menu for plasma5 a portable x86 pc emulation software package with gdbstub git version of mkvtoolnix (to get the latest mkvtoolnix-gui) an opensource implementation of the openmax integration layer api - vorbis component beta or rc versions of a media player and entertainment hub for digital media. explore a beautiful, vast and ruined world riddled with unknown dangers and lost technologies. portable sharp x68000 emulator for psp, android and other platforms wolfenstein: enemy territory 2.60b compatible client/server (omni-bot files) the keybase go client, filesystem, and gui python library for reading and writing geospatial raster data. decred block explorer voice recordings for freeswitch excel file cli reader a cross-platform utility to flash firmware (aka roms) onto samsung devices - patched to remove donation menu rapid launcher is an application launcher that is supposed to be fast and relatively lightweight. jffs2 filesystem extraction tool support imap uri yozo office - an ms office compatible office suit vagrant templating framework to use vagrant blueprints to build and test projects like drupal and puppet modules a flickr remote organizer for gnome the gl vendor-neutral dispatch library cli pulseaudio volume control tcp/ip repeater in the application layer serve daap (itunes) and dpap (iphoto) shares from linux quick and easy server testing/validation low level skeleton library for io communication on gnu/linux platforms. lightweight e-mail client. latest official beta with the coonsden.com icon theme. a proprietary music streaming service dovecot account management lightweight window manager for x gdspy is a python module for creating gdsii stream files, usually cad layouts. perl true cpan module automatic video library manager for tv shows ros - libraries and utilities for embedded and low-level linux development. library implementation of ecma-234 api for the generation of enhanced metafiles. ros - the octomap library implements a 3d occupancy grid mapping approach, providing data structures and mapping algorithms in c. multiplayer 2d shooter don't starve: reign of giants dlc all-in-one infinity value for python. can be compared to any object. platform independent near field communication (nfc) library extras dnf plugins lua environment manager execute .desktop files from the command line a custom minecraft launcher perl/cpan module pdf::api2::simple: simplistic wrapper for the excellent pdf::api2 modules hard compound font a gui utility to set cpu frequency limits free open source implementation of turn and stun server blender addon for binding object to deforming surfaces. a node builder for doom wad files spelling framework for qt5 (mingw-w64) progress bar maker userspace utility to set sunxi disp2 hdmi resolution via ioctl pasang-emas is a traditional two-player board game of brunei. a modified version of python-gnupg, including security patches, extensive documentation, and extra features (leap fork). canon inkjet printer driver (mg6400 series) command line client application for mega.nz a powerful (and blazing fast) argument checker and function overloading system for lua or luajit rename multiple files easily in nautilus (files). most texlive documentation the first czech cd-rom-based 2d point-and-click adventure game - czech version quetoo is a free first person shooter for mac, pc and linux. adds xpath matching to object trees graphical interface to view text data files with definitions mozc the japanese input method with mozc ut2 dictionary a light pidgin version: msn, jabber, irc supported protocols without gstreamer, tcl, tk, xscreensaver support.no video/voice. includes finch r10k provides a general purpose toolset for deploying puppet environments and modules. standalone mail and news reader from mozilla.org news feed extension for sphinx ros - this package provides a set of typedefs that allow using eigen datatypes in stl containers. dark mono icons for wicd network manager english (united kingdom) language pack for seamonkey ping or connect to address. if no result, it send an email xstatic-spin enchant module for php plugin for vapoursynth: dither (git version) a qt4/5 gui frontend for ffmpeg pure python wrapper for libusb a cross-platform numerical analysis and data processing library (third version). free version radio slow-scan tv for qt an advanced command-line based metronome for jack resource and network access abstraction with o_sync for removeable devices that fixes progressbar ham radio maidenhead grid converter & bearing  distance calculator a recent notifications indicator adminer skins flexible, powerful, server-side application for playing music. minimal version with only flac playback as server running under mpd user. pulseaudio emulation for alsa thunderbird addon/extension and provider for microsoft exchange 2007/2010/2013 calendar, tasks, contacts and global address list (gal) opengl extensions for gtk (32-bit) a plugin for ofxstatement to convert proprietary banking statements to ofx. dreamchess - opengl chess game find duplicate files on your system folding@home is a distributed computing project which studies protein folding, misfolding, aggregation, and related diseases. simple cli argument parser for bash gui test tool and automation framework a simple vte-based terminal. includes a fix for w3mimgdisplay wrapper for quandl-python software for amateur radio weak-signal communication (jt9 and jt65) a template-driven engine to generate documentation, api clients and server stubs netsukuku monitor context sensitive completion for ocaml in vim and emacs (ocamlmerlin binary only) cairo vector graphics library (mingw-w64) rickroll whoever tries to desert (rm -rf) your *nix system, even root. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine control the parrot drone using xbox controller with mavlink ros - this package defines messages commonly used in mapping packages. machine learning python (mlpy) is a high-performance python package for predictive modeling. arpack with patches virtual private network daemon (prerelease) utility to create and verify cryptographic signatures an internet radio player for linux arp ping from thomas habets an aur helper that minimizes user interaction a collection of routines used to create png format graphics files (32-bit) this package provides a busybox version suited for mindi phoxi camera software suite an utility to configure and use sixaxis controller via bluetooth. neverhood game font bitcoin full node configuration management tool. a physics based puzzle/construction game (requires copy of the full game) (gog version). export shared globs with sub::exporter collectors small binary version of grep extension for the tracing and troubleshooting tool for php scripts microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts the leap motion developer sdk a ruijie network supplicant for gnu/linux - git version tcp tunnel for http proxies fio bank signing tool. multi-protocol vpn software from university of tsukuba implementation of the sender policy framework for smtp authorization updated clone of westood studios' dune2 a multi-threaded multi-pool gpu miner for scrypt-based coins. a rhythmbox plugin that fetches the currently playing track's playcount from last.fm an oxygen-style theme for yakuake communication with a topfield tf5000 or tf6000 pvrs via a usb port libretro implementation of vba next. (game boy advance) ros - pcl (point cloud library) ros interface stack. a theme for manokwari on blankon. based on arc theme. takes a snapshot with your webcam every time you git commit code. python bindings for liblas - a c/c library for reading and writing las lidar format. fork of qtwebapp using cmake as build system. qtwepapp is a http server library in c, inspired by java servlets. universal radio hacker: investigate wireless protocols like a boss reformats java source code to comply with google java style a framework for writing networked applications in c (mingw-w64). gtk platform backend for qt toml file parser and writer quick and small memcached client for python the lxqt desktop kernel module support files for the zettabyte file system -- release candidates ros - model description for the irobot create. user interface library for bonobo a port of the grace plotting tool to gtk2 android google apis x86 system image, latest api wait until the given file exists a python library for nonnegative matrix factorization techniques ghostwriter is a cross-platform, aesthetic, distraction-free markdown editor. a program for file comparing comma-separated values manipulation routines pam module which permits authentication for arbitrary services via ssh-agent. cookie string generator / parser a local server for preview rst document instantly python and gtk greeter for lightdm an osd for opengl applications running under the x window system. this allows you to monitor your framerate and hardware temperature in games on linux! a polish female voice for the mbrola synthesizer create simple and beautiful presentations on the linux desktop an open source c library for computer arithmetic and logic converts to and from koremutake memorable random strings bash cd history tools for documenting and improving portability a simple qt4 rfc viewer a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtquick) cad program for designing model railroad layouts. wrapper for smartctl (smartmontools) a graphical boot splash screen with kernel mode-setting support. legacy version since v9 is currently broken. uart-based dfu-util for quark mcus hungarian - english dictionaries for dictd from freedict.org a tag editor with qt gui and command-line interface supporting mp4/m4a/aac (itunes), id3, vorbis, opus, flac and matroska minolta pagepro 1[234]xxw printers driver cycle-accurate implementation of the dcpu-16 cpu physics editor for certain game engines such as cocos2d-x, corona sdk, etc. quickstack is a tool to take call stack traces with minimal overheads. dockable clock applet for window maker meta package to install all persian fonts. ros - hector_map_server provides a service for retrieving the map, as well as for raycasting based obstacle queries (finds next obstacle in the map, given start and endpoint in any tf coordinate frame). qt virtual keyboard python bitcoin tools simple x display locker with adjustable color, auto-unlock option and wm_name = "slock" steelseries rival gaming mouse configuration utility a simple api for xml processing. a clutter-based toolkit python ldns api for human beings xstatic-smart-table man pages for the gtk 3 library second interpreter of scheme code devpi-web: web interface plugin for devpi-server a simple http static file server passwd plugin for zarafa webapp extension for gnome shell to combine the dash and main panel a hackernews api realtime terminal watch/reader a generalisation of wantarray standalone multiplatform client for raritan dominion kvm-over-ip products mozilla's universal charset detector c/c api run 'top' from emacs perl6 port of http::tinyish decoding library for the gif image file format fork of the pine mail client (git) management plugin for user-reminder a 3ds capture software distributed nosql key/value store optimized for time series data powerful yet simple to use screenshot software speech recognition research toolkit geoda is an exploratory (spatial) data analysis and spatial regression software, for spatial data analysis including spatial econometrics. stratis is a new tool that meets the needs of red hat enterprise linux (rhel) users calling for an easily configured, tightly integrated solution for storage that works within the existing red hat storage management stack. a swiss army knife for debian repository management. perl script designed to convert xfig files to postscript or pdf files, processing text using latex dump firefox/thunderbird passwords into csv file nintendo game boy advance emulator python wrappers for manipulating temp directories userspace setup tool for transparent encryption of block devices using dm-crypt creates and maintains the history of snapshots of btrfs filesystems interactive web plotting for python provides ruby bindings for augeas this module provides a name plugin for flake8, the python code checker an open-source platform for architecture-neutral dynamic analysis a high-performance multiple regex matching library, commonly used with suricata or snort a free library for arbitrary precision arithmetic (mingw-w64) certifiably optimal rule lists. c-library to build a certifiably optimal rule list from input data and labels. libcurl wrapper. a mysql compatible normalizer plugin for groonga. ros - this package provides a set of typedefs that allow using eigen datatypes in stl containers. digital tv scan tables websocket library written in c a command-line client utility, written in haskell, similar to curl that also integrates api-auth authentication for restable api endpoints. a unicode enabled rxvt-clone terminal emulator (urxvt), patched to avoid intense colors on 256 color escape codes and to fix font spacing line-by-line profiler. various objects to denote special meanings in python playlist parser for xplayer. x-apps project. google app engine sdk for java fcitx engine module for mozc flask extension for preventing cross-site request forgery (csrf) an implementation of the json-ld specification in python a library that implements perl 5-style regular expressions harvard's cs50 c library a pure module to access to all odbc-capable databases object-relational mapper (orm) for python developed at canonical. video player based on mplayer/mplayer2 (uses statically linked ffmpeg). (git version) a command line interface for postgres with auto-completion and syntax highlighting parallel sat solver based on minisat, with glue clauses. interactive text-mode process viewer a pseudo-random password generator edit metadata / tags of various audio formats like mp3, ogg/vorbis and flac. ros - integration test suite based on roslaunch that is compatible with xunit frameworks. hacks atop the official ratpoison a folding@home 3d simulation viewer ggnfs is an open source implementation of general number field sieve algorithm for factoring integers. locale::maketext::lexicon::dbi - database based lexicon fetcher/parser spectra- and matrix-analysis program developed at ikp, köln, germany collection of dictionnaries in french language a scoreboard for monitoring status of many workers header files and scripts for building modules for tmkernel-bfq kernel gawk extension - interface to the lmdb api open-source tcg software stack implementation for use with a tpm stores, retrieves, generates, and synchronizes passwords securely perl module for safe and simple inside-out objects construction an improved javascript mode for gnu emacs collection of gnome headers for freebasic lpr and cups driver for brother ql-700 label printer simple python version management a webapp browser. class helps us create simple logs for our application. free/libre block match puzzle game plasma wallpaper neon particles from ivan safonov customizable weather widget interactively moves files under revision control using a text editor. mocking framework with method stubs and behaviour verification simple alfred client with json output retrieve the sourcecode for a method a prolog kernel for jupyter (git version) oxford advanced learner's dictionary for stardict developer package manager for d programming language musical spectrum plugin for the deadbeef audio player (development version). gtk2 version. enables delayed hibernation. after 20 minutes of sleep, your device automatically wakes up and enters hibernation to prevent too much battery drain through extended sleep state. an exact copy of the dos ega font, by mateusz viste thumbnailer for epub and mobi books. non-free firmware for zd1201 devices. audio sync and conversion utility physics-based platform game (full version) a 2.4 ghz wireless development board suitable for bluetooth experimentation. open source hardware and software. tools only ros - rqt_tf_tree provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros tf frame tree. a deep learning framework made with expression, speed, and modularity in mind (git version, gpu enabled) brain workshop is a free open-source version of the dual n-back mental exercise a simple framebuffer holy quran viewer. terminal based jukebox with playlist management python 2 implementation of sender policy framework (spf) frame configuration management for gnu emacs modelled after gnu screen xml2swf and swf2xml processor with import functionalities a mate panel applet to display readings from hardware sensors, including cpu temperature, fan speeds and voltage readings (gtk2 version) powerful packages downgrader for archlinux. works with libalpm, arm and pacman logs imap module for php phpredisadmin is a simple web interface to manage redis databases firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - kannada the reference net workshop - faformalism plug-in fast and slick customizable minimalistic web browser used for making desktop launchers for web apps. works on linux, windows and mac os x. pantheon lite session (replaces gala with openbox & compton) markdown editor plugin for eclipse - outline, folding, formatting, html export & preview common command translator for various linux distributions multiple protocol instant messenger moksha screenshot module built from git sources a japanese input method for chromium os, windows, mac and linux (the open source edition of google japanese input) perl6 compiler for moarvm 2d shooting game integrates appindicators into gnome shell. a tool to visualize and analyze tours recorded by a gps device, ergometer, bike- or exercise computer. ros - compressed_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending images encoded as jpeg or png. a python implementation written in python, jit enabled homegear plugin for enocean communication easy terminal colors, with chainable methods. embedded ruby syntax highlighting for gtksourceview an application menu through a gtk tray status icon. tikz library for drawing bayesian networks plugin for vapoursynth: cmedian (hg version) movim is a decentralized social network, written in php and html5 and based on the xmpp standard protocol. an url retrieval library (old version) without static libs trac xmlrpc library ros - self_test. garnetius' patched fork of compton with fixes for glx errors and nvidia drivers tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (it) gnu dico is a flexible modular implementation of dict server (rfc 2229). in contrast to another implementations, it does not depend on particular database format. gnu dico handles database accesses using loadable modules. a functional programming system based on haskell 98 the complete solution for ruby command-line executables automatic control point creator for hugin the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lalapps a simple stupid audit tool jotun is a hand—drawn action—exploration game set in norse mythology. python library for iso 639 standard standalone web browser from mozilla — nightly build (it) brother hl-2240dr cups driver tool to check c #include dependencies (dependency graphs created in .dot format) rpg maker 2000/2003 material replacement parser/scanner generator for java mono bindings for gconf - property editing classes boarding party is a fast paced old school style fps written in java libalpm bindings for python 3 (git version) a linux® kernel module that enables management of multiple screens. software library written in c that provides an api for transparently reading from and writing to files using a variety of supported compression methods the sendmail mta ffi-based gobject binding using the gobject introspection repository free scientific text editor, inspired by tex and gnu emacs. wysiwyg editor and cas-interface. a realtime monophonic (with chords) midi keyboard to lilypond converter. stop-motion animation frame capture software primarily for linux. a tool for tagging your files and accessing them through a virtual filesystem. a syntax highlighting library. leveldb is a fast key-value storage library written at google that provides an ordered mapping from string keys to string values. set of perl modules useful to deal with messages a python binding for houdini that provides (un)escaping functions for html, urls/uris and javascript. an hp 48 x/sx/g/gx emulator arsdk network control library a minimalistic variant of class::accessor a tool for creating single-use unrecoverable encrypted sandboxes. japanese handwriting models for zinnia engine and use in tegaki festival voices based on the hmm-based speech synthesis system (hts). with compatibility patches to work with festival 2.1. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-surface4 kernel practise to obtain italian driving license the zod engine - an open source remake of the 1996 game z by bitmap brothers a tool for generating executable python environments include lilypond scores in lualatex files. dreymar's extensive yet modular arsenal (for x keyboarding) fork of vim aiming to improve user experience, plugins, and guis ros - rqt_common_plugins metapackage provides ros backend graphical tools suite that can be used on/off of robot runtime. zend debugger extension for php a python based parallel programming library for gpus live syncing (mirror) daemon window manager modeled after plan 9's 8 1/2 shell users' revolutionary front rage against the web powerful toolset for genome arithmetic an extension for merging and deleting users. stress-free wrapper around find. full screen text editor heavily inspired by q10 and jdarkroom sequential model-based optimization toolbox. weboob (web out of browsers) provides several applications to interact with a lot of websites. converts crontab expressions to human-readable descriptions. provides gnu libiconv.so and libcharset.so (mingw-w64) a modern quake 1 engine. forked from fitzquake. this version contains vulkan api support (git-latest). ros - 3d visualization tool for ros. a new implementation of the c standard library, targeting c11. run paccache weekly to keep pacman cache on check. lightweight system monitor for x a hash-bang and simple command line pipe front end for gnu r a tool for checking if css files conform with standards time tracking software. groupware server built around opengroupware.org (ogo) and the sope application server a stateful tail command a simple, robust python interface to the r programming language. a c library for performing the ensemble empirical mode decomposition collection of tools that allows capturing tcp/ip packets and filtering them based on lua policy files plugin for vapoursynth: tcanny (git version) arc theme with flatabulous window controls. web user interface for vdr the linux-bfq-mq-git kernel and modules with the bfq-mq scheduler a tool for fast, memory-efficient counting of k-mers in dna pure programming language, complete package -- the whole shebang a composite of iosevka, m and source han sans. a physics analysis tool for function minimization common components for kde-telepathy ros - compressed_depth_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending depth images (raw, floating-point) using png compression. app container tools web-apps for justbrowsing: calculator, notes, timers, wageclock a small daemon that creates virtual hosts on a network. a compatibility layer for running windows programs (git version) network audio system is a network transparent, client/server audio transport system (multilib) bit.trip runner, a music/rhythm-based action platformer (humble bundle/store version) mate icon theme a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the avr architecture (from atmel) lightweight aprs digipeater and i-gate interface a gtk2 application for searching and streaming videos from youtube (-git version). a gnome-less spreadsheet program command line parser for python 2. parsing the command line the easy way osx-arc-shadow theme for gtk 3.x english -> spanish dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org privacy indicator for wingpanel lexer and parser for php source implemented using ply computation homology project software ansi terminal tool for python, colored shell and other handy fancy features pythonic cffi port of libtcod. perl module to test psgi programs using www::mechanize algorithmia command line interface tools ruby bindings for libvirt. ubuntu touch emulator runtime gtk2/gtk3 theme based off of adwaita and recolored to be more black and red. the opengl utility toolkit for egl. from mesa demos with wayland backend. tiptop: hardware performance counters for the masses python interface for imagemagick library (python 3 build) facebook pathpicker is a simple command line tool that solves the perpetual problem of selecting files out of bash output. utility for communication with firmware of some motorola smartphones and tegra devices tiny utility to compile seccomp rules in gosecco format and spit them out on stdout small but very powerful text-based mail client. sans pop/imap/smtp/ssl script for flexible /etc/<conf>.d configuration a command line application for the digital bitbox hardware wallet fortune quotes from fringe tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (ar) a virtual network service for openstack - opencontrail plugin fuse file system for reading rar archives a 3d sonic fan game based off of doom legacy (aka "sonic robo blast 2") securely wipe the free space on an ext2/3/4,ntfs, xfs,reiserfsv3, reiserfsv4, fat12/16/32,minix,jfs and hfs partition or drive easy access to sqlite databases using objects capture video with video4linux2 forward-secure asynchronous messaging a gtk application to make comparisons between cpu models. websocket xmpp client interface subtitles client to download the latest updates on itasa (italiansubs.net) library to access blu-ray disks for video playback (32 bit) a pythonic implementation of the virtualbox main api command line utility for interfacing with si570 based sdr kits complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mp230 series a command-line interface to lustache (mustache templates for lua). a tetris game in pure vim minimal r7rs scheme implementation for use as an extension language libpo6 posix libraries for c used by hyperdex yaml 1.1 library (mingw-w64) shisen-sho puzzle game for gnustep the mistserver media server toolkit, open source edition, unstable development branch 32bit xcb-util-image the award-winning all-in-one java profiler runtime gcc 4.8 libraries (32-bit) japanese opentype font obtained by mixing old style kana character font and adobe source han serif jp thanos apostolou' calculator fortune quotes from my little pony friendship is magic. quotes come from ponysay. config generator for chaosvpn terminal feature database (mingw-w64) for archvdr project!!! upnp plugin for vdr a unit testing framework for c (32-bit) jack client to use additional alsa devices. discrete-time and continuous-time hidden markov model library put another nickel in the swearjar. simple profanity detection with content analysis memcached cache backend for django using pylibmc observation tool for numa systems destined to be a real irc client for both light and heavyweight irc users. monitor multiple directories using glob patterns and automatically adjust file ownership and permissions. object-oriented python bindings for the imagemagick library python module to access java class as python class, using jni. loads a list of items with fields job queue lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server, with ngx_http_google_filter_module 0.2.0 enumerate hostnames for an ip using bing.com multi-use bash script for linux systems to audit wireless networks nomachine nx common package for client and server professional vector animation program (gui) allows you to start your virtualbox virtual machines from krunner (alt-space) in plasma 5. a midi network gateway via udp/ip multicast (git version) open look virtual window manager a fully conforming implementation of the content repository for java technology api gnu emacs. development. a simple init git flow branching model for mercurial upnp audio server a flexible build system and business rules manager similar to make and cron, but much more powerful. kde media player. old 1.2.2 version using xine frontend energia is a arduino ide clone for use with the msp430 launchpad python library to communicate with btchip dongle the gdx-texturepacker is a gui for the awesome texture packer that comes with every libgdx distribution vmwgfx(vmware) gpu kernel driver. git version full-featured bitcoin wallet management application (official binary) marble astronomy library simple sequence-diagram image generator the hdf-eos v2 is a software library designed built on hdf4 to support eos-specific data structures, namely grid, point, and swath. openbox pipemenu file browser with icons and various filtering options. object-oriented logic programming language implements arithmetic and logical operations over arbitrary-precision integers and rational numbers 3d room / apartment / floor planner with simple user interface. backlight for mba6x to fix post suspend/resume brightness. cockroaches hide under your windows python port of textile, dean allen’s humane web text generator read rss/atom feeds in your favourite, maildir-compatible email client simplified chinese handwriting models for zinnia engine and use in tegaki command line toolkit for working with arduino hardware. spell checking plugin using hunspell and html5 notifications plugin for qtwebkit. pythonic dbus library tilburg memory based learner server. full-featured atomic-scale first-principles simulation software. driver to support realtek rts5227/5229 sd card reader a cross-platform code builder and library manager oz unity plymouth splash with gnome background library that implements weak, soft, and strong references in ruby that work across multiple runtimes lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-490cw ipmi sensor monitoring plugin a point-and-click logic adventure game by the creators of samorost (requires copy of the full game) c interface to blas plack::middleware which sets removes body for http response if it's not required utility to control activity and capacity leds on some external seagate and maxtor hard disk drives. nvidia driver library symlinks for 'lib32-nvidia-utils-full-beta' a free implementation of system 3.5, a games engine created by alice soft. a light-weight http proxy daemon for posix operating systems. perl module to generate random strings based on a pattern ros - common-lisp ros message and service generators. c library for encoding, decoding and manipulating json data (x32 abi) epson printer driver (wp-m4011, wp-m4015, wp-m4095, wp-m4521, wp-m4525, wp-m4595) perl/cpan module test::mockrandom: replaces random number generation with non-random number generation perl module providing a framework for storing nested buffers services for irc (nickserv, chanserv, memoserv) for archvdr project!!! vdr-plugin to control a linear or an horizon to horizon actuator and use as a channelscanner fuse module for .dmg files (containing an hfs filesystem) java bindings for thrift, a scalable cross-language services framework for ipc/rpc powerful electronic mail handling system, based on a set of command-line utilities. python wrappers for manipulating temp directories none embedded software for stm32 f4 series. please login and download en.stm32cubef4.zip from the upstream url. a system for maintaining replicated state machines used for hyperdex converts markdown documents into unix manual pages the set of samples used in cave story and other pixel games. kf5 system settings module to manage service menus dynamic xdg menu for openbox aplicación de terminal que permite obtener las previsiones del tiempo meteorológico en españa. usa datos abiertos de la agencia estatal de meteorología (aemet) del gobierno de españa. python-based language and execution environment for gnu make-like workflows a simple python 2 module for parsing human names into their individual components alternate folders for use with the numix base icon theme. modern file manager for xfce - patched to include split pane and upstream bug fixes cloud storage and filesharing application with a focus on security and abstraction of storage. a free unicode plain-text editor for unix-like systems. notes up is a notes manager written for elementary os a perl script to close a tcp connection under linux, whatever its state is hardcore 16-bit style action from the golden era of arcade games, reimagined for today! wrap android-sdk directory in unionfs to be "writeable" for android studio simple screenshot script using scrot an open-world game whose gameplay revolves around breaking and placing blocks extension that make the top bar transparent when no window is maximized ros - this contains cvbridge, which converts between ros image messages and opencv images. monitor temperature/voltages/fan speeds in lxde through lm-sensors. moose role to create only one instance of component per context command line ogg vorbis tag editor print window informations text output coloring utility a free network protocol analyzer for unix/linux and windows - gtk2 frontend optimized blas library based on gotoblas2 1.13 bsd (providing blas, lapack, and cblas) library to handle sound description interchange format (sdif) files. a tool to generator rosinstall files complete solution to record, convert and stream audio and video; optimised for server (headless) systems quest soft player is another interactive fiction player (only for qsp format) the best available c64 truetype representation to date a gtk based free bbs client (yan12125's experimental gtk3 branch) black magic or evil keys for magit support lib. for tucnak4 event discrete, process based simulation for python. a bitmap font for programming and terminal use, in two sizes system daemon for radeon-profile python nntp library ld_preload module to create fake users mime types for ruby on rails perl crypt::random::source cpan module - load and instantiate sources of random data opensource flash swf decompiler and editor cross platform password manager (with unofficial patches for twofish and unlock on auto-type) an anonymizing overlay network (development version) chrome/chromium extension to open background tabs from newsblur an iptables firewall script a set of bindings to the wxwidgets library for the lua programming language - svn version cyrus-sasl bindings for python emulator images no longer included in palm-sdk python installation manager supporting cpython, stackless, pypy and jython (berdario branch) a parsing, static analysis and proof management tool incorporating various provers and different specification languages. 3d boolean / csg library maia wallpaper pager for postgres mandelbrot set browser docapp for window maker software to control dream cheeky o.i.c storm & thunder usb missile launchers mysql client tools, v5.6 additional data for use with pacman-utils (required for provides_upstream) a highly-available key value store for shared configuration and service discovery - binary version very basic filename string and path operations such as ext and paths api documentation browser for gnome plugin to put evolution in system tray. none webapp for zarafa a library for computing with specifications of sizes in bytes. themes for cairo-dock guile-dbi database driver postgresql a simple command line app to ease quickly killing processes. tools for flash-friendly file system (f2fs) (git version) print 3d objects on your m3d micro ntfs filesystem library and development headers. does not include fuse driver or utilities. bitmapped x11 screen fonts from silicon graphics, inc. a color scheme for vim, pieced together by steve losh. text-mode disk usage report tool profile hidden markov models (hmms) for database searching using consensus sequences supply memory-based filehandle methods inconsolata fonts in psf format save and restore backlight settings. a moby-based container engine for iot a cli for xsendevent(3) (for sending keystrokes and mouse events to x11 windows) mooltiapp desktop php bindings for xapian script for simple configuring firewall based on nftables. a c library for parsing intel hex files simple way to handle fat files without committing them to git gstreamer multimedia framework good plugins (gst-plugins-good) type constraints and coercions for uris automated rebuilding support for python modules pure python mysql client extra skins for singularity (and any other v1-type viewers) for second life (secondlife) and opensim (opensimulator). perl extension for the sane (scanner access now easy) project library and tools to access the windows event log (evt) format. plugins for additional image formats: tiff, mng, tga, wbmp utility for testing chef changes using chef-zero alternative c driver for mongodb (obsolete) transparent tag-based file organization system. free and opensource, amateur zelda game with humoristic characters. opentype calligraphic font for ethiopic languages from sil a java mindmapping tool the gnu miscfiles collection. includes the webster's second international english wordlist and appendix english wordlist. multithreaded video transcoder - fraunhofer aac enabled (git version) system v ipc primitives (semaphores, shared memory and message queues) for python twenty-four hour clock object with nanosecond precision. a program for stretching the audio suitable only for extreme sound stretching of the audio and for applying special effects by spectral smoothing the sounds. a turkish male voice for the mbrola synthesizer fractal art desktop wallpaper generator c class library of cryptographic schemes performance report explorer for displaying a multi-dimensional performance space. ocaml alsa bindings load root filesystem completely to ram during boot over 680 home-made skin collection for xmms a curses based file manager for system managers verify aur package sources against hashes stored in a blockchain. the slimy lichmummy, a fantasy/cyberpunk roguelike an esoterical programming language based on the so-called "supercazzole" from the movie amici miei, a masterpiece of the italian comedy. util-linux-selinux runtime libraries secure reliable transport library preset files for gnaural a proprietary voip conference software the continuation of the alpine email client from university of washington. including enhanced fancy threading, topal and maildir patches. ocaml bindings to the mad mp3 decoder a domain-specific language for specifying cryptographic algorithms. a gstreamer-based audio player with curses interface. linux advanced power management whatsapp protocol implementation for libpurple (pidgin) a curated set of user interface interactions, effects, widgets, and themes built on top of the jquery javascript library. official xml cheat collection for mame eb garamond is an open source project to create a revival of claude garamont's famous humanist typeface from the mid-16th century injects the mvps blocklist to /etc/hosts to prevent thousands of parasites, hijackers and unwanted adware/spyware/privacy websites from working. dmenu-based desktop application launcher that uses a combination of frequency and recency. launches xdg desktop files and executables from path. utility that analyzes the audio-files you feed it and does a suggestion on their order by analyzing how the songs are actually sounding high-level ftp client library universal i18n for firefox-nightly - xpi version a module to look at your nativecall types, like class a is repr('cstruct') various subroutines to format text. a dockable windowmaker app (docklet) binary clock. financial manipulation, plotting functions and additional date manipulation tools. an advanced audio engine ros - rqt_pose_view provides a gui plugin for visualizing 3d poses. a pacman wrapper with syntax from debian's apt tools to manage and diagnose a tpm python bindings for vtk qt widget like to windows xp panel for common tasks of a folder (mingw-w64) simple cli currency converter a console-based 2channel browser trained language data for tesseract ocr engine burn images to sd cards & usb drives, safe & easy a simple program for edit/create vapoursynth scripts. (git version) the simplest possible mock library qtermwidget with supporting characters width in east asian ambiguous category blenrig rigging system for blender a sega genesis/cd/32x emulator pgp individual uid signer (pius) framework designed for the pipeline of multimedia player, transcoder or streamer. additional plugins for mupen64plus (git version) pslib is a c-library to create postscript files on the fly a krunner plugin to retrieve a password from the password-store (https://www.passwordstore.org/) ocaml bindings for the inotify api python2 postfix sender policy framework (spf) filter adminer skins http parser terraincontrol is an advanced world generator. through various configuration files it gives the user control over almost every aspect of minecraft terrain generation a metadata repository and associated tools for searching, installing, and managing mods for kerbal space program (ksp) flashes firmware and os images onto intel-based devices ros - qt_dotgraph provides helpers to work with dot graphs. deepin wine linux d-bus message broker the cloudabi-linux kernel and modules a library for accessing facebook services. deepin wine helper pygtk3 frontend to neovim with some visual gui elements. extensible data model and format (mingw-w64) open-xchange mail push bundle spice simulator, schematic capture and waveform viewer of electronic circuits. codemod is a tool that assists you with large-scale codebase refactors that can be partially automated but still require human oversight and occassional intervention. extensions to ppi a tool for analyzing hevc (h265) bitstreams shared library of the medusa emulator manage ip ranges. from the firehol project. an american english female voice for the mbrola synthesizer arch website code findbugs plugin for eclipse a simple puzzle game involving untangling planar graphs for fun and prizes replace the logo from package plymouth-theme-arch-logo damn noisy kids font anti-virus toolkit for unix the gods of olympus have abandoned humanity, leaving you to perish without their benevolence. gog linux game package required! a utility to analyse sound files and print out the volume profile of the start and end. the idea is to embed those profiles in metadata so players can do intelligent mixing between tracks. supports flac, ogg and mp3. rugged is a ruby binding to the libgit2 linkable library a psgi interface for fastcgi::nativecall role for daemonizing your moose based application gcviewer is a little tool that visualizes verbose gc output generated by sun, ibm, hp and bea java virtual machines. a front-end to ydp collins dictionary written in qt4 a vpn configuration tool for pia gstreamer multimedia framework adds a command to setup.py for displaying metadata about the package. openstack release notes manager ros - rqt_graph provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros computation graph. gd module for php php extension that makes reverse-proxing totally invisible for php applications. waveform seekbar plugin for the deadbeef audio player (development version). gtk2 ver an image browser and viewer the google cloud print (aka gcp) cups connector shares cups printers with users of google cloud print. userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat kova2016 devices an command line utility to check html documents for broken links. scheme interpreter for experimentation from mercurial repo a version of the ganglia package without gmetad to reduce dependencies. ros - conversion functions between kdl and geometry_msgs types. dynamic monitor configuration additional asciiart fonts for figlet a graphical reverse polish notation (rpn) calculator a software library containing fft functions written in opencl a tool to attack multiple wep and wpa encrypted networks at the same time mod with pixie dust attack support apache traffic server notification daemon for the desktop notifications framework for gtk2 lightweight curses spreadsheet based on gnu oleo a free library for arbitrary precision arithmetic watch gopher holes and catch updates gui for configuring a hdhomerun device a user space console screen reader written in python3 a graphical frontend to the faust compiler. viqo is a cross-platform "nico nama" comment viewer. ros - interface base class for controllers. multiplatform c library implementing the sshv2 and sshv1 protocol on client and server side moreunit plugins for eclipse ide to assist in writing more unit tests a featherweight, lemon-scented, bar based on xcb. gimp astronomy plugins uml 1.4 modeller the original breakout game for the old atari 2600 game console network simulation program a competitive arcade game of immortals sword-fighting to the death tool for snapshot raid: generate parity files, maintain checksums on data, restore lost data finds the full or relative paths to an executable program on the system fedora 18 (spherical cow) backgrounds. keepass plugin that generates totps from secrets stored in the keepass database (ie: google authenticator, other rfc 6238 compliant totp implementations) (beta version) jpf is an explicit state software model checker for java bytecode core x11 protocol client library cache executable calls status bar application able to temporarily inhibit the screensaver and sleep mode. adapteva epiphany runtime libraries and utilities spaceship simulation roguelike-like (gog version). take your ship and crew through a randomly generated galaxy filled with glory and bitter defeat. an interface for quick and convenient access to applications and their documents. voice recordings for freeswitch emacs markdown-mode confinement system for snap applications (with apparmor) implements the cache::cache interface. secret maryo chronicles (development version) belgian kbc bank plugin for ofxstatement this add-on aims to fully replace tab groups in firefox, providing a similar and hopefully even enhanced experience. dummy package providing tar using libarchive’s implementation instead of gnu’s modern typesetting system inspired by tex appleseed blender integrator you’ve inherited your grandfather’s old farm plot in stardew valley. armed with hand-me-down tools and a few coins, you set out to begin your new life. a portable sound library (psp) a grey and blue xfce theme. a git hook to validate your commit messages python bindings for libjiu, a userspace library to do journaled, transaction-oriented i/o. lightweight field hash for inside-out objects pure python gobject introspection bindings. needed for gi with pypy ensime for vim. a program for turning a textual description of a line drawing into postscript or scalable vector graphics. coccigrep is a semantic grep for the c language based on coccinelle calculates muzzle energy given a mass and a velocity (or does the reverse) simple efficient smtp proxy in perl change your desktop background with a nasa image. you can set an image from both the apod (astronomical picture of the day) and the nasa image library. cross-platform audio output library and plugins - patched with jack support tango-theme for claws libretro port of tgb dual accel-ppp ipoe kernel module sources alternative dashboard for domoticz periodic calendar for tracking women cycle a python 2 binding to poppler-qt library for both the ecw and the iso jpeg 2000 image file formats waterfox kde plasma integration rpgmaker vx ace runtime package universal i18n for bin32-firefox - xpi version infcloud integration for radicale firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - swedish brother fax2940 driver vpns on steroids an experimental open-source nintendo 3ds emulator/debugger rendering framework putting the v in mvc (part of rails). cryptographic primitives for ocaml open-source, single-player, role-playing roguelike game of exploration and treasure-hunting (ncurses-only) pymakr ide for wipy iot boards xmltv configurator (for gshowtv) graphical effects for use with qt quick 2 (mingw-w64) a free open source strong chess engine. validator for mojolicious graphical mkv demultiplexer jmespath terminal. vanilla-compatible enhanced doom engine probes network hosts for downtime, latency, etc... vi improved, console-only build with python2 support. latest version from git. speedtouch 585 router admin tools for the linux command-line a jtyr oh-my-zsh shell theme a framework for interpreted graph models including petri nets and stgs arm-accelerated versions of selected functions from string.h framework for providing different actions given a string query japanese outline fonts based on ipa fonts (otf-ipafont) lightweight in lightweight and user-friendly e-mail client builds a catalogue of objects from an astronomical image (build from source) ldap schema for fusiondirectory supann plugin rust implementation of the open containers initiative oci-runtime a complete, reliable, lightning-fast and microsoft office-compatible office suite with a word processor, spreadsheet, and presentation graphics software. command line tools that assist applications with a variety of desktop integration tasks the blast-like alignment tool: fast sequence search command line tool generate project files to debug elf files kalman filter, smoother, and em algorithm for python lua application server integrated with a database management system server for the popular card game mau mau - client library adds apscheduler support to flask x server resource database utility a stringprep profile for user names and passwords (rfc 4013) universal points counter allowing reflexion exemption - cli version broadcom 802.11abgn hybrid linux networking device driver for lts kernal cooperative i/o and multitasking for python guile scheme code that aims to implement a graphical user interface the rebirth of ccemu. a diplomacy game implemented in java internet redirection server blender-integrated exporter for exporting ogre meshes m.i.t. "cadr lispmachine" main console font extend your attribute interfaces for mouse enhanced map editor for ddnet, teeworlds, and similar games collection of tools to control some "smart" ble bulbs. an arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant vim theme pdf rendering library based on xpdf 3.0 (mingw-w64) userspace fault injection framework perl cpan module ogg::vorbis::header an easy to use build system. designed to be make/autotools for the 21st century. the swiss army chainsaw of terminal emulators . a python wrapper around the soundcloud api kiss cross-platform c mocking library. an interactive kubernetes client featuring auto-complete using go-prompt active os fingerprinting tool ros - the actionlib stack provides a standardized interface for interfacing with preemptable tasks. simple semi-transparent mouse-through screenlet that show date/time. definition of basic geometric constraints for motion planning git with a cup of tea, forked from gogs. is a self hosted git service in the go programming language. a compact operating system designed for building distributed and networked systems. (prebuilt) a small, fltk-based calculator reformats java source code to comply with google java style yeoman generator for asp.net core 1.0 apps tektracker is a console based midi tracker/sequencer. requires /dev/midi. bash completion for atool disk config extension for python-novaclient open cross-platform screenshoter with cloud support and server part ros - smach is a task-level architecture for rapidly creating complex robot behavior. python postfix sender policy framework (spf) filter a java decompiler, editor, debugger, and more minetest map generator google noto emoji fonts (android lollipop blob version with b&w emoji) archlinux signeluser theme for lightdm webkit a simple c library for controlling the neato xv robot and the hokuyo scanner - runtime library tool to edit tags in mp3 and ogg vorbis files a toolkit of support libraries and ruby core extensions extracted from the rails framework. effortless wmii-style dynamic tagging for the awesome window manager version 3.5 or later, second iteration tools to access a server's filespace and printers via smb a font with symbol ligatures, intended for haskell code a power-tool for searching inside source code files. daemon to maintain a playlist and play it via omxplayer gnu readline library (x32 abi) android c/c developer kit a slender monospace typeface. shape: x windows fixed. browser integration framework inspired by capybara swedish dictionaries for hunspell an opensource nhrp implementation a small c compiler for the zilog z80 with splib2 grafics library. information-efficient text-entry interface, driven by natural continuous pointing gestures package manager for the nim programming language v8 3.14 binary package from ubuntu xenial fast and general engine for large-scale data processing a cairo canvas widget for gtk a pseudo-interpreter of the c programming language this is a set of truetype and opentype fonts released under the gnu general public license for malayalam language. python bindings for the eve api. d wrapper for imagemagick ros - system-wide logging mechanism for messages sent to the /rosout topic. a geany plugin that provides python code completion using jedi. module to communicate with transmission bt client via json-rpc remake of the computer game ultima iv firmware for alfatech af9035 based usb dvb-t sticks 5250 terminal emulator for iseries and as/400 written in java none lightweight qt-based terminal emulator android adb file manager. support for creating standard "inside-out" classes selinux restorecon daemon code smarter and faster with the leading ide for today's major web languages, including python, php, node.js, perl, go and ruby. - xul based ocfs2 tool chain by oracle, including mkfs, tunefs, fsck, debugfs and utilities for ocfs2 colmap is a general-purpose structure-from-motion (sfm) and multi-view stereo (mvs) pipeline with a graphical and command-line interface. a gimp plugin to support animated png (apng). swagger/openapi documentation generator for django rest framework. a silly git launcher copy-on-write wrapper for pbuilder vim sugar for the unix shell commands that need it the most, by tpope start and stop docker images a faster way to move around bash shows running coreutils basic commands and displays stats parameter expansion in strings reaction quake 3 is modification for quake 3 modeled after games like actionq2 and actionhl, that recreate an action movie atmosphere. an automated music engraving system (git snapshot) python extension that wraps gmp to provide fast multiprecision arithmetic. last of the 1.x series, see gmpy2 for new developments. an updated fork of nexuiz, a fast-paced multiplayer first-person shooter (downloadable content - extra). simple bootloader for x86_64 uefi secure boot - git version archivo narrow font gtk frontend for xneur a 2d strategy game in the gravity fields of several planets ros - pcl (point cloud library) ros interface stack. mechanical engineering fonts with regards to the asme y14.5 standard. trenchbroom is a modern cross-platform level editor for quake-engine based games. ssm ping a portable abstraction library for dvd decryption. (git version) communicate with http service using json ros - rqt_action provides a feature to introspect all available ros action (from actionlib) types. jonathan wilkes' nw.js variant of pd-l2ork (git version) yenc encoding/decoding module for python2 ros - the pythonwifi package is available through pypi, but not through a deb package. openvpn with xor patch to bypass dpi monitoring in places like china (also known as openvpn stealth/scramble mode) set an applications urgency hint (or not) kde webkit a library that encapsulates the logic for complex text layout (32-bit) a simple symlink that will help ros kinetic use python2 by default. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a set of opentype fonts designed for user interfaces. truetype version. spellchecker plugin for zarafa webapp the sil graphite compiler nintendo 3ds core interactive c interpreter built on the top of llvm and clang libraries. a cli tool (and module) to beautify ruby code. ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) terminal image viewer modified clearloks gtk themes that go with the gnome-colors icon theme wxnatpy is a wxpython widget which allows users to browse the contents of a xnat repository. it is built on top of wxpython and xnatpy. kent landfield's "lc" command. a fork of the eclipse java bytecode compiler for gcj ultra-fast dhcp discovery tunnelbear configuration for linux mathematical modeling software airbrussh pretties up your sshkit and capistrano output. preprocessor for the i3 window manager vhdl simulator - llvm flavour an easy-to-use, next-generation modeling and simulation environment for cyber-physical systems. this library can be used as a module for fog or as standalone profitbricks provider. a web browser that behaves like the vimperator plugin available for mozilla firefox. a simple qt5 frontend to mpd gydl (graphical youtube-dl) is a gui wrapper around the already existing youtube-dl program. a python library for building flexible command line interfaces boilerplate helper for bundling native code easy to use transcription-software with a high feature volume official continuation of the famous blobby volley 1.x arcade game. unscii is a set of bitmapped unicode fonts based on classic system fonts. unscii attempts to support character cell art well while also being suitable for terminal and programming use. full unicode support. exif library (for nintendo 3ds homebrew development) legacy version of the opengl extension wrangler library a slack client for linux create hashes of all files under /boot and warns the user if they are modified arc dark skin for vlc media player (git version) collection of python2 scripts and modules for interacting with bibtex style databases of citation references ruby gnomecanvas bindings. lpr and cups driver for brother ql-570 label printer module to represent, read, and write astronomy visualization metadata automates the creation and management of chroot-based sandboxes drive is a tiny golang program to pull or push google drive files. widely used commercial nmr interpreter 32bit capstone a simple system settings module to manage the users of your system (git version) a simple terminal-based open source spritz-alike. filter to convert nmon output files to rrdtool format a command line tool to set up hot corners under x11 psi is a powerful jabber client (qt, c) designed for the jabber power users (built with qt 5.x and webkit) a perl package that add test failures if warnings are caught tool for fast packaging golang code cd/dvd mastering tool extract artwork from media files an interm image effect library (svn version) complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mx390 mozilla extension to store passwords and form logins in gnome-keyring. celestia addon: earth: surface map textures: global water volume flexible interpreter for the brainfuck programming language a space exploration and combat game similar to escape velocity mail delivery agent - procmail like but nicer syntax serialize all of python (almost) python3 module for generating .ninja files plugin for vapoursynth: tc2cfr (git version) tex for the impatient is a ~350 page book on tex, plain tex, and eplain, written by paul abrahams, kathryn hargreaves, and karl berry. a powerful imap/maildir synchronization tool text output utilities tool for bootstrapping debian and creating bootable image files for embedded systems, f.e. ev3dev date & time indicator for wingpanel canon ij printer driver (for mg3200 series) another json schema validator a fast qt imap e-mail client zip archive generator for streaming purposes an open-source, cross-platform standalone subtitle player an rspec-like testing framework for perl 6 a qt gui for netctl commercial virtual-analog synthesizer from u-he profont iix variant as a truetype font a high-level python web framework. the sign-based container and door lock for bukkit! a bash script to download all the images from a tumblr or set of tumblrs this library is intended as a high-efficiency c14 api for web development. encrypts given text and turns encrypted bytes into base64 text which can be easily pasted/retrieved on pastebin websites a fast-paced, card-based tactics game set in an alternate history civil war – with steam-powered military robots (humble bundle version) a simple variation of the well-known unix command cal, with periodically repeating days highlighted in color a free, thorough, stand alone memory test as an efi application an mpc-like cli tool for mpv which connects to existing mpv instances through sockets, written in rust module for parsing and generating vcard and vcalendar files c library encapsulating petri net-related functions sonnet a nodejs cms extra tools built using clang's tooling apis (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.4/) unixporn.org screenshot uploader tool to extract the attached files out of a mime package firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - chinese (traditional) command line internet radio player a python2 library for manipulating opendocument 1.2 files framework for building reusable web-applications ygopro is a free online dueling system made for playing yu-gi-oh! duels. ros - rqt_robot_dashboard provides an infrastructure for building robot dashboard plugins in rqt. super simple plugin to show the list of buffers in the command bar. a simple command line tool (programmer) interfacing with ch341a software collection provided by gsi/fair for analysis. a collection of programmes for evolutive genetics and inferring phylogenies a path::class type library for moose scalable nucleotide alignment program free/libre action roleplaying engine - git version parse and unpack os x installer .pkg packages. a flexible rpc implementation based on zeromq and messagepack. low level virtual machine (runtime libraries) python binding for meep (fdtd solver by mit) flutter is a new mobile app sdk to help developers and designers build modern mobile apps for ios and android. general purpose avl binary search tree library. a userland implementation of the udf filingsystem a free/open-source personal note-taking software which help you to editing & browsing your notes in a easy way. a library to browse, transform and manipulate guido scores (git version) a full software solution for 3d printing aimed at repraps and the ultimaker. (the offical one) a reverse-engineered bose connect imitation program for linux. remote gui for the amule daemon, an emule-like client for the ed2k p2p network your story begins anew in the exotic southern kingdom of amn, amidst the opulence of the sinister capital city of athkatla. gog version. linux native. generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - geom module international components for unicode library socks{4,4a,5} endpoints for twisted a front-end for corba 2.2 idl and netscape's xpidl (32 bit) sql powered operating system instrumentation, monitoring, and analytics. linear algebra package (32-bit) a fork of the darkplaces engine with various extensions ab initio computational chemistry software package optimize (lossless compress, optionally lossy) images (jpeg, png, gif, svg) using external utilities. qt-client for idec and ii-based networks (russian) a command-line interface and interactive shell for google translate. open source clone of the frc driver station your virtual comfort when things get rough a simple alternative to at enterprise vpn server logind lock event to systemd target translation. perl-style xml objects sat-shell is an interactive tcl-shell for solving satisfiability problems decompiler for winhelp (.hlp) files qml/c-written desktop client for twitch.tv define docker commands in your dockerfile a free curses-based spreadsheet program. xorg server common files - bleeding edge version craw stonesoup, curses version small python script adding auxiliary characters for text typeset in abeceda_v4.ttf font auditd init script for openrc (from systemd-free.org - not apg's way) carla win64 bridge python ssl poodle vulnerability scanner python tool to scan a netblock for sslv3 enabled servers. tiling window manager written in d a cli tool for programming wouxun (kg669v,uvd1-3,uv1a, et al) hts. makes you easily write equations in latex and preview them in real-time iterator pipelines for python boost bindings is a bindings library (not just) for boost.ublas. it offers an easy way of calling blas, lapack, umfpack, mumps and many other mature legacy numerical codes from within c. an advanced rule-based (regular-expression) and unicode-aware tokenizer for various languages. tokenization is an essential first step in any nlp pipeline. these are the data files. elegant and powerful distributed revision control system. standalone sandbox build. standalone mail and news reader - 45.x.x version transport stream muxer. new generation (3d capable). cli a toolkit for high-performance network analysis a x11 mille borne game an arcade styled 2d action game centered around evacuating civilians from burning buildings. a wonderful cli to track your time! ros - the actionlib_tutorials package. a program for computing context triggered piecewise hashes gnome teletext viewer a framework for testing smtp-based applications and libraries ros - the move_base package provides an implementation of an action (see the actionlib package) that, given a goal in the world, will attempt to reach it with a mobile base. a privacy oriented firewall application (gui). x trap extension a set of bash scripts offering command-line completion for various ruby-related commands and tools an action rpg/dungeon crawling adventure with opengl 3d graphics. tap into the echo nest's musical brain for the best music search, information, recommendations and remix tools on the web. minetest mob framework module similar to bencode from the bittorrent project a library for working with vcards common data from libgnome simple cross-platform fps/rts game engine ros - kobuki simulation for gazebo. a small and lightweight text editor. x-apps project (git version). for managing astronomical coordinate systems distributed sql query engine for big data - client kde4 gui-frontend for kvm/qemu emulator solarized light style for fluxbox generate random strings in python a full-featured mysql management tool written in php. extra keybindings for fzf parse gdb machine interface output with python zip archive generator for streaming purposes a cross-platform application and ui framework (mingw-w64) the assembly language programming game you never asked for! the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lalmetaio moose types that check against perl syntax a c non-blocking multi-threaded network library a cross-platform file change monitor with multiple backends: apple os x file system events api, *bsd kqueue, linux inotify, microsoft windows and a stat-based backend an application dock applet for the mate panel soundcloud client for the desktop chameleon x cursor theme (skyblue flavour) perl/cpan module universal::require: require() modules from a variable calculix: 3d finite element solver and post-processor (documentation and examples) a very simple and portable sntp client/server nautilus extension to add important information about the current git directory edit ros - python ros message and service generators. fully-featured qt4 ide an open source implementation of the actor model in c highmoon is an 'artillery' or 'worms' like game - which takes place in the universe command line interface for ankiweb.net (flash cards) simulation and analysis environment for dynamical systems advanced text editor, patched to be able to run as root an open source dropbox clone tool based on qt framework to allow effective mouling on bouchots. flume-ng rabbitmq command line program for easy tcp / udp port forwarding a translator library for raster geospatial data formats (mingw-w64) source code to html translator (literate programming) a console note taker program written in perl for linux using perl's curses library. inspired by kjots. customizable toolbar plugin for deadbeef music player. the gtk3 version. python client library for nova ld_preload library to fake number of available cores - patched git version define simple search patterns in bulk to perform advanced matching on any string. american power conversion powernet-mib send files and folders of any size or format. python module for handling exceptions - python 3.x pkg library for decoding gba sound format (gsf) files software dab decoder for use with a dabstick, airspy or sdrplay for rpi and pc a command-line tool for managing wordpress this package is part of the hpp software and provides a few tools for basic statistics. devel branch. core library for akabei, chakra’s package manager an unofficial command-line player for 8tracks.com vector-based drawing tool (for technical, not artistic, stuff) ros - rospy is a pure python client library for ros. web-based issue tracking system xdg provides a module for supporting the xdg base directory standard perl string::approx cpan module pseudo x11-clipboard / screen / tmux register php extension for interfacing with redis electronic logbook w/ attached file support, doesn't use a database. a tool for 'doing phonetics by computer' firmware for silead mssl1680 touchscreen with the newest silead_ts driver a wave viewer which reads lxt, lxt2, vzt, ghw and vcd/evcd files (experimental version from svn) japanese-english dictionary program odbc modules for php a nss library to authenticate users against postgresql. xpad kernel module included with valve's steamos generates a screenshot which obfuscates all x windows. the runtime library for autorest generated python clients. a library for reading and writing gif images (version 4) intuitive applications and api for chemical sketching, visualization and data exploration turn on strict and make most warnings fatal an eqn preprocessor for neatroff. pulseaudio system tray (a replacement for padevchooser) borna rayaneh co. persian b font series. a simple hex editor with an ncurses, pico-style interface lightweight bitcoin cash wallet an efficient implementation of tree data structure in python provide a simple visual front end for xrandr 1.2. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-tomoyo kernel secure bitcoin wallet daemon written in go a virtual network service for openstack - mlnx plugin agent texas instruments code generation tools (compiler) for arm braille spinner for python ros - this package provides messages and serializations / conversion for the octomap library. an mp3, ogg/vorbis and flac tag editor, cli version a computer game of the "falling blocks" type, but with unique features polar xcursor theme a shell script that knows how to install go plasmoid for plasma 5. monitors temperature of existing sensors including cpu, gpu and hdd. set of c classes for conversions between geographic, utm, ups, mgrs, geocentric, and local cartesian coordinates, for gravity, geoid height, and geomagnetic field calculations and for solving geodesic problems. geotrans replacement. ultralightweight json parser in ansi c extremely fast and lightweight file manager emacs mode for the midje test framework togu audio line vst plugins - noisemaker, dub iii, filter, filter ii, reverb, reverb ii, reverb iii, vocoder ii - ported and compiled for linux a protocol plugin for remmina to open a document with its associated application. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine realtime lua as programmable glue in lv2 a 3d sculpting application that provides an intuitive workflow using a number of powerful modeling tool a tool for use with clang to analyze #includes in c and c source files plagiarism (similarity) checker for text files (essays, source-code, etc.) enhanced quake ii engine optimized for modern systems (development version) prelude lml community ruleset deprecated libraries slated for removal from perl5 django library to help interaction with mailman a simple program to create x menus from the command line perl monkeysphere validation agent a community-developed analysis and visualization toolkit for volumetric data policykit integration for the mate desktop (gtk3 version) nagios-plugin that uses smartmontools (http://smartmontools.sourceforge.net/) to check disk health status and temperature. a netwm/ewmh compatible pager python framework for unix-like command line programs a simplified object-oriented python wrapper for libpcap tools for using the kinect one (kinect v2) in ros. firmware for avermedia avertv volar black hd dvb-t usb 2.0 (a850) structured schema and validation layer on top of pymongo build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) gtk3 document viewer, complete features, no gnome dependencies fortune cookies: the matrix trilogy an automatic wallpaper getter and setter using feh solaris porting layer kernel modules -- release candidates synchronize caldav and carddav. cc1111 packet encoder/decoder for gnu radio data files for evaluated neutron cross-sections on natural composition of elements the zencash cryptocurrency daemon and tools. guile (scheme) bindings for gtk fast and flexible c library for working with openstreetmap data. postgresql activity view utility ros - compressed_depth_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending depth images (raw, floating-point) using png compression. portable emulator and tools for pokémon-mini - command line emulator plugin for vapoursynth: tnlmeans (git version) plugin for bzr to work with git trees voice recordings for freeswitch get a list of servers to block ads using your dns a ruby script for tagging flac files c17 header-only utility library graphical configuration tool for rust servers. nvidia driver version detector for linux a note-taking application written for usage on tablet-pcs the linux-hardened-apparmor kernel and modules a small python module for wake on lan simple frontend for mplayer and milena speech synthesizer font with train timetable symbols, used by the offline timetable by chaps (idos, timetable-browser) or inprop (cp, elis) (also retailed by české dráhy or žsr). based off wine-staging, including the gallium-nine patches and some more hacks a game about writing train ais. debugging, in-system programming and boundary-scan testing for embedded target devices -using libftdi instead of ftd2xx nokia pure text font libraries used by kde education applications el lenguaje más boludo del mundo a command line noaa poes weather satellite image software decoder bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - file daemon basilisk browser from the makers of pale moon a c-lib for graph-based ir, optimizations and code gen for compilers free, donation based oldskool sci-fi adventure game with 3d first person view. episode 2. gimp beautify is a set of gimp plug-ins for quickly and easily beautify photo helps you remember facts (like words/phrases in a foreign language) efficiently a graphical user interface for the smartctl hard disk drive health inspection tool. fictionbook console viewer a simple program which provides a run program window (xdg aware) a high reliable python web library ebook management python library for communicating with the trezor bitcoin hardware wallet library that supports over 90 module formats (amiga, atari, ..) a wrapper for gzip to make it more rsync friendly digital audio workstation with an innovative user interface provides a friendly interface to monitor configuration and includes controls for video mode, rotation and monitor position. the gnome settings daemon with shutdown button action ros - stereo_msgs contains messages specific to stereo processing, such as disparity images. a viewer for restructuredtext documents that renders them on the fly. gobject-based multi-platform toolkit (v3) from ubuntu advanced doom source port with true color renderer (git version) config::general - generic config module a drop-in, low-overhead monitoring web dashboard for a linux machine. python script to manipulate maildirs. sqlite module for php next generation, high-performance debugger folding@home client that does not run as the root user. ros - this package retrieves data from url-format files such as http://, ftp://, package:// file://, etc., and loads the data into memory. the haskell tool stack (tool only -- libraries not included) main event loop abstraction library a minimalist xdm setup. program to fetch mail and deliver it in various ways whitelist-based html and css sanitizer. fix for keyboard/mouse/tablet being detected as joystick. simple & versatile image editor. a hackernews api realtime terminal watch/reader ros - this package contains a tool for setting and publishing joint state values for a given urdf. hacker news command line client (python2.x) gigasampler file access library the cake scheduler, bufferbloat.net ldap schema for fusiondirectory squid plugin hexchat plugin for off-the-record support click params for commmand line interfaces to geojson (python 2.7) automated backup scripts using borg backup, systemd and optionally nextcloud/owncloud/stack tray icon using appindicator which feets better in kde - git version a divx avi video repair tool ui for gdb, lldb and vivisect's vdb a cross platform web application firewall engine for apache, iis and nginx route video output to v4l2 input. web-based open source business apps printer driver for xerox colorqube 9301/9302/9303 at&t's korn shell ksh93 nmake from ast-base cross-platform blu-ray playback script multitouch gesture recogniser vamox mate icon theme. a graphical snmp mib browser based on gtk and net-snmp tools for dealing with czech texts in perl tcp attack inquisitor and 0-day catcher devices unofficial python client for camlistore an accurate and fast tool to merge paired-end dna reads pathway visualization tool ros - this package provides a set of simple math utilities to work with angles. emulate vim and vi executables with neovim voice recordings for freeswitch debug memory leaks in catalyst applications cross-platform media decoding library a lightweight and fast implementation of the ogc wfs-t specification. library and tools to access the windows xml event log (evtx) format . bluez plugins (ps3 sixaxis controller) (32-bit) gnome-osx iv gtk theme tools for control your smart mouse. a4tech g10-700f, and other "oscar mouse's". ocaml bindings to the frei0r video api great digital clock a perl server for house automation kernel module for edimax ew7822ulc usb3 and asus ac53 nano usb 802.11ac adapter. a graphical grub2 settings manager layouts, asynchronous widgets and utilities for awesome wm perl package that provides lazy evaluation of scalars moksha alarm module built from git sources a universal vector graphics translator cli to deploy and manage applications stack on kubernetes transparent bidirectional bridge between git and mercurial map data for the timetable search engines by chaps: european railway, czech/slovak trains  bus, czech public transport. note that some timetables need the purchased version of idos to run. super simple utility to convert a python dictionary into an xml string vmware horizon client connect to vmware horizon virtual desktop - smartcard authentication cogroo (a libreoffice & openoffice.org grammar checker), the only open source portuguese grammar checker that can be used with libreoffice & openoffice.org. strip unwanted html tags and attributes general purpose library and file format for storing scientific data gnu make standard library: extra functions to extend functionality of makefiles latest build for gui tool for programming ham radios scylla is an open source nosql drop-in replacement for apache cassandra with fast throughput and low latency utilities for toxfiles. module dealing with generic functions suitable for perl project development sdl2 wrapper for c11 the ultimate 2d game animation solution. client for the vertica analytic database firmware files for p54 driver a drop-in replacement clone for zenity, written in qt4/5, qt5 build a fuse based filesystem that allows mounting an arbitrary file or block device as a directory tree of files that each represent a chunk of user-specified size of the mounted file. rx_fm, rx_power, and rx_sdr tools for receiving data from sdrs, based on rtl_fm, rtl_power, and rtl_sdr from librtlsdr, but using the soapysdr vendor-neutral sdr support library instead, intended to support a wider range of devices than rtl-sdr simple set-and-forget using of a '/share' directory in your projects root czech language pack for seamonkey extensions which allows to enable and disable extensions via a menu in the status area in the main menu panel. noto cjk-tc fonts for traditional chinese desktop password manager compatible with keepass databases. hook into opcode execution android arm eabi v7a system image, latest api checkupdates for aur official numix gtk theme - antergos edition a simple lua wrapper to graphicsmagick. live css reload & browser syncing none phraseapp cli tool shellpic uses escape codes to display images in a terminal, irc or nuts client. apache module that implements scgi protocol clipman without buggy selection stealing the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. laldetchar a slender monospace typeface. shape: andale mono. qt cryptographic architecture an open source c toolkit for creative coding. broadcom 802.11abgn hybrid linux networking device driver for linux-ck. ceemedia is a program for cataloging your movie collection. permits recording, and later playing back of lwp requests. unified linux driver for samsung printers and scanners. official desktop version of telegram messaging app. development release. handle mpv:// urls and open them using mpv. highlight several words in different colors simultaneously. ham radio - winkey usb - udp server a dns upstream switcher written in go in order to purify dns records a simple yet powerful preprocessor designed for, but not limited to, abc music files netbeans ide development platform - c/c only client library for openstack manila api mysql client libraries a mopidy web client that utilizes the spotify and echonest frameworks. (formerly spotmop) morning_star gtk themes collection cobertura is a free java tool that calculates the percentage of code accessed by tests demo of airline tycoon deluxe for linux virtual filesystem implementation for gio, nosystemd version (afc backend; apple mobile devices) a simple and fast web gallery, meant for the command line. side-scrolling endless runner flash game. ros - launchfiles to use jackal in gazebo. salut à toi, multi-frontends multi-purposes xmpp client (media files) application to access danbooru-based image boards. (git version) firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - belarusian lightweight c template library for vector and matrix math, a.k.a. linear algebra (arm-frc-linux-gnueabi) svg-based qt5 theme engine plus a config tool and extra themes clone of activision's atari 2600 game kaboom! kiwi—appliance builder next generation run commands in a virtualenv synchronize a pair of mailboxes in maildir format via ssh content manager assistant for the ps vita (kde notifier) futuristic real-time strategy game an interactive shell for issuing http commands to a web server or rest api lua documentation generator a c library for extracting audio from dvd-audio discs. python library for interacting with the firefox accounts ecosystem ros - octomap_ros provides conversion functions between ros and octomaps native types. minimalist but usable window manager for the x window system test the output to stdout and stderr your program generates saves pixels by fusing activity bar and title bar in a natural way kde4 gui-frontend for kvm/qemu emulator rock solid sip server git wrapper to perform mercurial-like short unique abbreviation searching for commands a real-time transport protocol (rtp) library base library for homegear home automation software the world's most popular development platform for creating 2d and 3d multiplatform games and interactive experiences. toolkit for safe and simple cryptography for python2 interactive software sky atlas a comic reader for cross-platform reading and managing your digital comic collection. tails one or more log files and sends syslog messages to a remote central syslog server a simplified object-oriented python wrapper for libpcap kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-nvme kernel finding errors using n-gram data, italian text a simple, program to lock a terminal while showing fortunes. ros - qt_dotgraph provides helpers to work with dot graphs. 32bit kernel for intel atom cpus only, with interactive cpufreq governor, bfq i/o scheduler and tweaked config parsing command line arguments and .ini style configuration files ros - a collection of node(let)s that stream images from usb cameras (uvc) and provide camerainfo messages to consumers. open robot control software is a tool to create real-time robotics applications using modular, run-time configurable software components (ruby toolkit) japanese outline fonts following the tradition of japanese printing font a client for goweatherserver who get and send temperature in json via tcp lithuanian dictionary for wps office the gnome client for ring.cx (formerly known as sflphone) a fast and easy to use image viewer for kde pobvnc is an application that enables you to help other people behind a firewall. python package providing data structures, algorithms, and educational resources for bioinformatics a gtk icon theme for linux by newhoa concurrent, on-the-fly audio programming language modified from big6 & somatic elegant themes cue sheet parser library a roguelike game based on blizzard's diablo game solaris porting layer kernel modules. sleepy cat ide, arm dev environment developed at ctu prague qt4 plugin which turns all qsystemtrayicon into statusnotifieritems. elementary version, from bzr. a tiling window manager based on 9wm nginx configuration static analyzer devhelp packages generated by pgi-docgen an interactive, browser-based graphing library for python3 extended attribute support library for acl support fraunhofer fdk aac codec library (32-bit) befunge-93 interpreter written in python with a built-in debugger place a chain of consecutive numbers in touching cells so that there is a continuous path. fortune quotes from my little pony: friendship is magic an advanced greek & english dictionary for libreoffice package manager forked from yum, using libsolv as a dependency resolver unofficial efa.vrr.de command line client and perl module ros - some fast/convenient type converters, mostly for char strings or strings. a scripting and programming language ros - standard ros messages including common message types representing primitive data types and other basic message constructs, such as multiarrays. syntax extension for writing in-line tests in ocaml code split software that helps speedrunners keep track of their run microsoft azure command-line tools cloud command module library with common functions used by every umview module. fastmat is a python package for fast lineare transforms minizinc is a modelling language for constraint programming problems simplenote command line interface pieces of a computer network are to be turned, to make all computers connected to the same network rubik's cube program a window manager for x11 (maintained fork of blackbox) organise your moose types in libraries passphrase generator based on https://xkcd.com/936/ va-api implementation for gallium - non-libglvnd version modern make arduino prototyping platform sdk (old version) bash completion support for gi djinni is a tool for generating cross-language type declarations and interface bindings. google drive cli client a customisable coding font arsdk mavlink file manager python blocking/suspending signals under linux/osx using ctypes sigprocmask access self-organizing map for biological regulatory element recognition and ordering c/c ide. free 30-day trial. input method for unicode emoji using shortnames manage dynamic plugins for python applications quick and clean dns proxy, especially useful for users with poor isps a program to help you create and publish crosswords. free versions of ocr-friendly sans-serif monospace ttf/otf fonts (ocr-a and ocr-b) described in 'iso 1073-1' and 'iso 1073-2' standards. xmpp fuse filesystem generates all possible permutations of a given charset. mod loader for payday 2 (non-steam runtime only) the lldb debugger, git mirror python2 bindings for mapnik gstreamer multimedia framework base plugins (gst-plugins-base) a tool to download and import a wikipedia page to a git repository a qt plugin that bridges the qaccessible api’s to the at-spi 2 protocol, giving blind and visually impaired users access to qt applications. cmake toolchain file and other scripts for the android ndk fog backend for provisioning users on ceph radosgw - the swift and s3 compatible rest api for ceph. cross platform cartesian genetic programming implementation designed to be simple to use whilst being highly extendable. free hangul bitmap fonts for x11 c string pool minimal task scheduling abstraction configure script wrapper for djgpp a game of lonely space adventure kde client for ring a set of serial programs for partitioning graphs, partitioning finite element meshes, and producing fill reducing orderings for sparse matrices. this package has 64-bit wide integer and floating-point enabled. authsae provides secure password-based authentication for 802.11s mesh networking. plugin for vapoursynth: gradcurve (git version) networkmanager vpn plugin for openvpn (supports tls-crypt) a set of data for chemoinformatics in both xml and plain-text formats. pdp-1 spacewar! game a small space build-and-conquer strategy game. complete solution to record, convert and stream audio and video (decklink enabled) perl/cpan module data::tree - a hash-based tree-like data structure a virtual network service for openstack - midonet plugin powerful calculator plugin core for use by pytest-cov, nose-cov and nose2-cov detecting isp traffic rate-limiting rack-based asset packaging system the heirloom packaging tools is a port of svr4 application packaging utilities from opensolaris. python modules to work with debian-related data formats a library that implements perl 5-style regular expressions (x32 abi) a basic console based dpm (digital peak meter) for jack. a perl binding for the keystone-engine library an open-source jpeg 2000 codec written in c language program with a qt interface that converts gamepad/joystick events into key strokes and mouse actions in xwindows a small c compiler for the zilog z80. plugin for the xfce4 panel that lets you quicksearch from selected websites file name manipulation module for torch7 a program used to digitize scanned plots of functional data perl module for portable testing of commands and scripts modern typesetting system inspired by tex mopidy extension for searching and browsing podcasts. desktop gui wallet for zcash python api and tools to manipulate opendocument files a streamlined music player that uses bass opennebula client api getopt::long, but simpler and more powerful a python library that converts cron expressions into human readable strings. zcash equihash miner by nicehash. djezo gpu/cuda solver build. a notepad clone for gtk 2.0 with print header disabled thin wrapper around jira's rest api this utility helps with configuring an arch linux installation ros - controllers for jackal. pfennig is a humanist sans-serif font with support for latin, cyrillic, greek and hebrew character sets. a python wrapper for lemonbar/conky ros - a gui in qt for visualizing purposes in stdr simulator. a multi-model nosql database, combining key-value, document and graph data models. batman kernel module (dkms package) push your android sms to your owncloud instance. a modern groupware client based on qtquick and sink (development branch) websocket library for perl6 a handwritten font with attached letters. python version of node-semver generates dot language files for easy scripting, to be processed with graphviz. project management and code hosting application microsoft azure command-line tools sql command module python client for google cloud messaging (gcm) a simple cli tool to unrestrict links with real-debrid.com a project to allow steam applications running under wine to communicate with a native linux version of steam. libevent binding for lua utility that allows for the in-place rewrite of a file's contents automatical generate cython wrappers from c & c header files convert android string resources to gettext, and back. a small upnp client library/tool to access internet gateway devices (python2 module only) bidirectional map implementation and related functionality to work with one-to-one mappings in python 3 deactivates pax flags for several binaries to work with pax enabled kernels. command line filter that displays or limits the data bandwidth and total number of bytes passing through a pipe quake ii demo (0.pak) for quake ii engines ros - this is a set of tools for recording from and playing back to ros topics. a simple launcher inspired by alfred. pam module for automounting (encrypted) volumes on login bacula - a network backup tool (file daemon) an obd-ii compliant car diagnostic tool un core family of korean truetype fonts. utilily to make sentaku (selection) window with shell command. fortran front-end for gcc (developmental version) the control center for cinnamon chinese (simplified) language pack for pale moon browser an action rpg dungeon crawler searches for a pattern or regular expression (regex) and highlights matches a mediaplayer indicator for the gnome shell the standard shareable config for stylelint manager for linn ds players on the network cross-plattform gui programming assistant - wxwidget tool that builds and tests pkgbuilds with vcs sources from the aur python 3.x pacparser module web error handling and exception catching. lightweight linux console locking tool change some of system to using adobe base 14 fonts in texlive helper for tt views epson printer driver (ep-803a, ep-803aw, ep-903a, ep-903f, ep-774a) python dictobject allows attribute access on dicts. parallel graph management and execution in heterogeneous computing command line shell and unix scripting interface for drupal. python bindings for roboptim advanced emulator for the gce vectrex game console(1982) with built-in game roms. highly customizable and scriptable framebuffer image viewer based on fbi. set of html documentation for then gnu fortran compiler generate license files for your projects small yet powerful content management system (cms) based on php a free furry/kemono visual novel mahotas-imread is a library to read & write numpy arrays compatibility package for ffmpeg to provide versions 52 of libavutil not anymore provided by the ffmpeg package an indonesian male voice for the mbrola synthesizer binary ninja is a binary multi-tool and reversing platform browser based analytics and search dashboard for elasticsearch. please note; this package replaces the distributed precompiled binary 'node' (this is a fork from kibana which is on v5) library to provide basic file input/output abstraction freetype tools and demos (from git) tools for modding of the game don't starve, by klei entertainment generate beautiful changelogs from your git commit history canon ij printer driver for mg-2400 a superb, monospace bitmap font (for x11 and console) with ll2 patch (pass the il1i test) xatk is a window switcher which assigns keybindings to windows dynamically generic and simple controls framework for ros qt build suite: build tool that helps simplify the build process for developing projects across multiple platforms. android support package cross-platform terminal emulator plugin for vapoursynth: dfttest (git version) open type antiqua of torun, a two-element typeface designed by zygfryd gardzielewski pure perl6 implementation of sha-256 and ripemd-160 digests pushbullet apiv2 python bindings an interface standard for interactive fiction. framework to easy access to the prelude database comic book support for zathura a linux console tool for connecting to mikrotik routeros devices via their ethernet address ruby library for colorizing text output in your terminal a simple, fast and multi-platform file transfer tool for lan users. implementation of the vtp (video transfer protocol): server-side have you ever wanted to be president? or prime minister? now you can. a simplified object-oriented python wrapper for libpcap tools for arch linux package maintainers job-based api for interacting with imap servers arch linux service scripts for openrc mensch - a coding font cups driver for ricoh aficio sp 100 and sp 200 family printers drop-in replacement for perl threads using fork() a static analysis tool for c/c developed by nasa a perl script for counting words in latex documents. it parses valid latex documents counting words firmware blobs for amd vega10 gpus cpan/spread::session - oo wrapper for spread messaging toolkit xplorers board game ros - roscpp_serialization contains the code for serialization as described in messagesserializationandadaptingtypes. a mpc-like control interface for mpv. a z-code interactive fiction interpreter for gtk. open source stc mcu isp flash tool simpler and faster vim motions provides hooks for booting to a tmpfs utility to manage the xbmc/kodi texture cache and more. module to communicate with transmission bt client via json-rpc ocaml bindings for the libfaad aac decoder library java-based midi processor intended for pipe organ emulation a clone of voxlap ace of spades 0.75 (git version) a gimp plug-in which allows distortion of images specified by mathematical formulae lightweight library to read and write tga images collection of brushes and accompanying tool presets intended to speed up repetitive tasks by avoiding the need to manually reset tool options after each change a simple metadata editor for pdfs reiser4 filesystem support library an asynchronous web framework for c built on top of qt cross platform ui development in php (contains example app). a python api for accessing resources on a jenkins continuous-integration server. a plugin to connect to steam friends/steam im (purple plugin). the c library provides fast access to documents in the latest couchbase server urw garamond no8 adobe type1 fonts from ctan (for texlive) suite of gimp plugins for texture synthesis otrs is the leading open-source help desk and it service management (itsm) matrilineare icon theme by andrea soragna python binding for meep (fdtd solver by mit) guardtime ksi c sdk an implementation of the object-oriented, dynamically typed, reflective programming language smalltalk. serial dump and timing program best practical rt (request tracker) data access python module for rest interface. program for using multi-locus genotype data to investigate population structure, and self-fertilization rates. vmware horizon client connect to vmware horizon virtual desktop - virtual printing jack toolbox for audio production. python extension that wraps gmp to provide fast multiprecision arithmetic. last of the 1.x series, see gmpy2 for new developments. distributed and parallel python desktop client for zulip. available for mac, linux and windows. hides the location options from the aggregate menu canon ufr ii/ufr ii lt printer driver (including canon imageclass mf4720w) converter for ed25519 keys from openssh to tinyssh format display the current mouse refresh rate synergy upstream 1.6 branch. 1.7.x is very unstable on linux. latvian aspell dictionary phpsh is a shell version of php utilities for manipulating xml documents python bindings for libosmium day dreamer is interactive fiction player written in java (ddg/ddz format) additional iconsets, themes and sounds for psi (qt5 build) weapon to fight against conflicts in vim frame configuration management for gnu emacs modelled after gnu screen the check_email_delivery plugin uses the included nagios plugins to check on a complete email loop. facial detection, landmark tracking and expression transfer library makes applications run faster by prefetching binaries and shared objects watch, share and host videos and files online with no limits. hierarchic data-visualisation control for wxpython timetable data for the timetable search engines by chaps: trains in ostrava public transport reagion (odis). note that this timetable needs the purchased version of idos to run. a python wrapper around the vk.com/vkontakte.ru api. a package for manipulating network addresses. the nemo mobile d-bus qml plugin allows you to access services on the system and session bus, as well as provide your own services. jid on jq linux-tv firmware bundle from the linuxtv project data pack for colobot gold real-time strategy game. qt tactile feedback add-on module (mingw-w64) objective-c front-end for gcc for multilib with x32 abi support bibtex bibliography file prettyprinter and syntax checker python-mode is a vim plugin that allows you to use the pylint, rope, pydoc library in vim to provide features like python code looking for bugs, refactoring and some other useful things. a python module for writing json as a stream firmware for p54usb module a c wrapper for sqlite3 meant to be used in combination with sqlpp11. gui for android sdk/adb, android phone manager ros - c ros message and service generators. open jtalk is a japanese text-to-speech synthesis system. this software is released under the modified bsd license. support library for type-driven code generators gravitation is a retro gravity cave flyer for 1-4 players, featuring single player time trials or multiplayer racing and dogfighting. disk management service, version 2 the voice chat application server for mumble nersc shifter: linux containers for hpc air combat game with many different planes and missions microsoft windows 10 thai truetype fonts program prefixing for continuous workflow using a single tool carddav/caldav server that backs onto a git repository a cross-platform application and ui framework truetype port of a good-old korean bitmap font, with enhancements. development version of lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server with standard, additional and 3d party modules open source library for nintendo 64 game development plugin for pidgin, adding vk.com support replace your $(curl | sh) installers the first third-party instant messaging client for google hangouts virtual machine that allows you to run dos programs under linux an icelandic male voice for the mbrola synthesizer simple, no-frills theme with warm gray tones for gtk 2/3. bulgaria moderna is an opentype digital font inspired by the early cyrillic script developed during the 10th century in the preslav literary school an open source remake of the classic arcade game galaga unified all-in-one monero miner reading files inside zip files qt package manager an html5-based application launcher for gnu/linux with modern (metro) style. who needs google when you have the travigator ansi colors for python lightweight ruby bash stand-in for homesick by technicalpickles serverless framework - build web, mobile and iot applications with serverless architectures using aws lambda, azure functions, google cloudfunctions & more computer vision library a thread-safe low-level object-relational mapper for python chinese truetype fonts by ministry of education of taiwan government, support cns11643 standard, including kai and sung fontface. minimal edkii including the makeefi tool for easily building uefi apps and drivers a scalable c machine learning library ppd files for sharp postscript printers(mx-c26) a theme preview application for gtk2 and gtk3 shelve extension for mercurial canon printer driver (for multifunction mp640) (build from source with grayscale support and quality selection via updated ppd) extra icc profiles ros - rqt_web is a simple web content viewer for rqt. a superb, monospace bitmap font (for x11 and console) with ll2 patch (pass the il1i test) and td1 patch (centered ascii tilde) (ttf version) ox appsuite calcengine meta package for installing all required openrazer packages. (git version) command-line ripper for spotify (python3) an elegant sgf editor for the game of go chrome & firefox browser extension for pass, a unix password manager markup as perl a simple & very fast s3 client supporting sync / async http adapters unar and lsar: objective-c tools for uncompressing archive files ros - this package contains the python bindings pykdl for the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl), distributed by the orocos project. common code and guidelines for xml projects additional support for proprietary codecs for vivaldi python library & console tool for controlling xiaomi smart appliances a program for getting results of gaussian and gamess ruby bindings for notmuch tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (en-us) c-implemented linked-list module for python introspect many-to-many relationships a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator wget with lua scripting installer for the tails live operating system local .dev domains for everyone and more. english (united kingdom) language pack for pale moon browser a meta repo to decorators a pythonic interface to the rabbitmq management http api python interface for minuit, a physics analysis tool for function minimization. green variant of faenza icon theme beta version of the linux multimedia studio. a powerful gui for git demo pvr addon for kodi none devel::platform::info - unified framework for obtaining common platform metadata the elder scrolls ii: daggerfall, unofficial add-ons a clean, modern remix on the defining aesthetic elements of ubuntu small file browser high-level constructs to create and manipulate 3d geometry xhtml 1.1 documentation c library for the maxmind db file format c qt based twitter library - development version outputs x window titles gstreamer multimedia framework import lib for visual studio (mingw-w64) a hazardous style sddm theme. broadcom bluetooth firmware for bcm20702b0 based devices. a tool to create program translations. search the arch wiki from the cli the swift programming language compiler and tools a slender monospace typeface. shape: menlo. modern rewrite of quick image viewer - development version hindsight - light weight data processing skeleton xfce gtk-2.0 engine (32-bit) calysto processing kernel for jupyter (git version) a c jpeg-ls library implementation. legacy release 1.x. a collection of ansible playbooks, scalable from one container to an entire data center. a curses/sdl_mixer based audio player currently supporting mp3 & ogg. plugin to access remote management of systems systemd user-session units for kde frameworks 5 and plasma 5 lsi storage authority software suite simple, feature rich ascii table generation library fetcher - fetch text documents or binary blobs via http, https astex is an open-source library for texture analysis and synthesis. dibbler, a portable dhcpv6 archive manipulator for mate (gtk2 version) maintenance version of fortune-mod from redellipse.net ros - qt_gui_cpp provides the foundation for c-bindings for qt_gui and creates bindings for every generator available. kernel module for realtek rtl8188su/rtl8191su/rtl8192su devices ur/web: purely functional language/framework for web programming ldap schema for fusiondirectory autofs plugin compare binary files command line access to wordpress sudoku for the terminal ros - opencv 3.0. obtain ssl certificates from the letsencrypt.org acme server. suitable for automating the process on remote servers. fast scalable and memory-efficient memory allocator cross-platform python support for keyboards, mice and gamepads create a new file in the excel 2007 xlsx format. apply your own tagging scheme to any media collection of your choice a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtsvg) a solution to manage and supervise virtual machines. (gui) backport/clone of chainmap for py26, py32, and pypy3 ros - package modeling the run-time dependencies for language bindings of messages. an open source stun server and client code archlinux aur cli tianya is a fantastic novel searcher and reader a little word cloud generator in python a gtk module for taking vector graphic screenshots (pdf, svg and postscript) a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (psp) a firewire physical memory manipulation and hacking tool exploiting ieee 1394 sbp-2 dma. a lightweight, secure server providing multi-user, multi-client access to task data a disaster recovery solution to create backup media that can be used to redeploy the damaged system work with unicode/non-unicode data from files or strings uniformly. pacman contributions (git version) notification daemon for lightweight window managers an embeddable javascript interpreter in c home automation bridge that emulates a philips hue light system and can control other systems such as a vera, harmony hub, nest, milight bulbs or any other system that has an http/https/tcp/udp interface. kodi platform environment for compiling cmake binary addons the thick-restart lanczos algorithm for finding extremal eigenvalues of sparse symmetric matrices duplicate file manager with multimedia geolocation metadata extensions make archlinux believes you have pandoc installed a useful set of utilities for interacting with a cloud text::levenshtein - an implementation of the levenshtein edit distance status bar application able to temporarily inhibit the screensaver and sleep mode. a high-level, multiplatform c network packet sniffing and crafting library (32-bit) version gstreamer opengl (hardware rendering) player backend for gnome twitch simple cli for google's weather api accurately serialize a data structure as perl code. simple image loading library, a part of the cegui project wallet management tool acl2 theorem prover. small c program to display images in a (modern) terminal using rgb ansi codes and unicode block graphics characters probabilistic graphical model software for editing, learning from data, and computation with bayesian networks www::scripter plugin that provides the xmlhttprequest object un cliente del diccionario castellano de la rae. ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) an irb alternative and runtime developer console. linux driver for modacom-u3500 gct semiconductor wimax chip. used by mezon.lt in lithuania set of c classes for conversions between geographic, utm, ups, mgrs, geocentric, and local cartesian coordinates, for gravity, geoid height, and geomagnetic field calculations and for solving geodesic problems. geotrans replacement. nice themes for gdm russian language pack for seamonkey gitfetch performs git featch on multiple repositories, can be used as a daemon informative git prompt for bash and fish (git version) the gnu compiler collection. stage 2 for toolchain building (armv8l-linux-gnueabihf) cddb-server access from python jwm xsession file, exec file and configuration files. freetype python bindings nvidia's gpu programming toolkit (for compute capability < 2.0) cli interface for eiskaltdc daemon. (git version) unique metal theme for gtk2, gtk3, metacity, xfwm4, lxde & openbox a c symmetrical-key string encryption library the mirbsd korn shell - an enhanced version of the public domain ksh (static build, linked with musl) a tool that uses ike protocol to discover, fingerprint and test ipsec vpn servers abstraction for enumerating power devices, listening to device events and querying history and statistics a distributed newsql database compatible with mysql protocol apertium language data for norwegian bokmål a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtsensors) (5.1.x) preview github markdown files like readme locally before committing them an online multiplayer tactical warfare game figure number filter for pandoc tty driver for digi realport connectport etherlite flex one cm portserver ts ibm ran serial console terminal servers heekscnc is an open source 3d cad/cam software backup & sync tool using rsync and qt4 framework to provide start/stop/reload for a daemon game data compiler collection parametrical modeling program for creating human bodies enforce git message commit consistency synchronize calendar, tasks and contacts with exchange ews. open source search engine library a small utility to display your current keyboard and mouse status. useful for screencasts. xmltramp is a simple pythonic api for working with xml documentation beyond the red line is a completely free stand-alone conversion of freespace 2 based on the tv show battlestar galactica an ace attorney like game based on my little pony : friendship is magic tool for cost effective rigorous development of dependable software systems allows flex to be used while compiling for mingw-w64 python bindings for pulseaudio an open source library of popular computer vision algorithms specializing in image understanding and local features extraction and matching make simple lightweight record-like structures modular initramfs image creation utility an open source python rest api framework designed for human beings. log battery charge, show gnuplot graphs. experimental network scanner a command line utility which converts csv files into one (or more if splitted) excel(tm) files. gobject based library that implements a reusable plugin system fast incremental vi tags. build structures from cgi data ros - messages, services and actions used by moveit. turn your moose class into a singleton kde screen management software a commandline tool to easily and privately handle your e-mail a dependency-based init system for kde workspace firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - irish scalable cross-language services framework for ipc/rpc a fork of clipmenu, a simple clipboard manager using dmenu and xsel/xclip bluecurve window borders for metacity send and receive messages encrypted with axolotl (double ratchet) protocol php extension and application repository ham radio logging redshift integration for gnome shell png vnc snapshots a simple font viewer. projectlibre is an open source project management software header files and scripts for building modules for linux-hardened-apparmor kernel ros - octovis is visualization tool for the octomap library based on qt and libqglviewer. helps you remember facts (like words/phrases in a foreign language) efficiently opensource implementation of ws-management lpr and cups driver for brother ql-580n label printer steam controller c library (git version) an open-source network simulator/emulator hybrid (e.g. for tor and bitcoin) webhostinghub glyphs icon font by webhostinghub.com advanced source port of "wolfenstein 3d" and "spear of destiny" based on wolf4sdl (development version) a fork of zenity - display graphical dialogs from shell scripts or command line python module to interact with remote controls via lirc. a plugin manager for zsh, inspired by oh-my-zsh and vundle. microsoft® sql server® tools for linux a license identification tool for source code ros - a python gui plugin for introspecting available ros message types. modern graphical system monitor, xfce4 panel plugin data files for low energy electromagnetic processes oracle vm virtualbox binary edition (oracle branded non-ose version) a code search tool similar to ack, the_silver_searcher (ag) and ripgrep (rg). canon scangear mp (pixma mg3640, pixma mg3650, pixma mg5740, pixma mg5750, pixma mg6840, pixma mg6850, pixma mg7740, pixma mg7750) add the grml iso image to the grub2 boot menu awx provides a web-based user interface, rest api, and task engine built on top of ansible. execute ruby code in parallel. an md5 hash printing utility, that can have files or strings as input a utility for extracting a json representation of the package symbols from a go source tree. portable library for real-time audio and video processing free runtime environment for java applications firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - upper sorbian free software implementations for the gsm/g3pp protocol stacks configure bash to track all the executed commands ros - the state machine compiler (smc) from http://smc.sourceforge.net/ converts a language-independent description of a state machine into the source code to support that state machine. state-of-the-art solver for mathematical programming xmms2 client written in pygtk strip scripting constructs out of html a qr code generator written purely in python with svg, eps, png and terminal output (fixed for python3) a integrated development environment (ide) for r (binary version from rstudio official website) provides the .net core shared framework, i.e. coreclr and corefx. extracts os browser information from the user agent string. userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat isku fx devices btrfs filesystem utilities nautilus extension that makes changing folders icons easy! provide easy access to all apps in the header for nextcloud a hand-drawn arcade game with unique music interaction. interface to the deutschebahn online departure monitor the mailcap script from ubuntu repositories free implementation of nitroplus visual novel game engine have an easy way to manage socks tunnels created via ssh and manage a tun2socks on top of it. high-level c binding for 0mq imagine an enemy that is everywhere and moves like a giant, organic mass across the map. utilities used around fedora infrastructure to send and receive messages (python 3 version) blackbox tool for setting keyboard shortcuts for manipulating windows and virtual desktop ada library to handle gprbuild project files iranian-sans and iranian-serif persian font family. ros - image_pipeline fills the gap between getting raw images from a camera driver and higher-level vision processing. canon ij printer driver (multifunction mx920 series) python abstraction library for version control systems pspi is a gimp plug-in that runs 3rd-party photoshop plug-in filters. app::dapper module the gnu compiler collection 4.8 - c and c frontends for multilib reshape a data array from openbsd that compiles on linux. an audio tag editor for gnu/linux. extremely simple exif viewer self hosted invoicing for freelancers and small businesses desktop shortcut for spotify web application fluiddyn project | framework for studying fluid dynamics. the mate session handler (gtk2 version) with upower (i.e. no-systemd) support puppet language syntax highlighting for vim. carl - the computer arithmetic and logic library multiplayer tetris for x wip input driver for the spi touchpad / keyboard found in the 12" macbook barr is a status line generator for use with lemonbar dark solarized gtk2/3, openbox, metacity, unity, xfwm4 and xfce4-terminal themes elfio is a small, header-only c library that provides a simple interface for reading and generating files in elf binary format simple backup system inspired from the flyback project and timevault. cli version. gegl (generic graphics library) is a graph based image processing framework - seamless-clone branch takes compile jobs from your build and distributes it to remote machines allowing a parallel build on several machines. gui in qt5 of library for open chinese convert (mingw-w64) maven artifact version updater for build.gradle config files fast, robust constructive solid geometry library an interactive visualization 3d program for nbody snapshots. file storage backend for session data. adjusts the color temperature of your screen according to your surroundings, with minimal dependencies (development version) a free, turn-based strategy game, designed in the tradition of the battle isle series from bluebyte the open-xchange imap idle push bundle a dockapp that monitors your disks usage in a portable way, using the posix command df -p. a translator library for raster geospatial data formats a raw binding for the opengl graphics system osu! convert vector-oriented graphics data from hp-gl plotter language into a variety of popular graphics formats. community fork of the autodl-irssi rutorrent plugin. the gnu compiler collection for (rl78-elf) a safe cracking game for bbs doors nintendo entertaiment system emulator webapp for zarafa basic ipmi support makes using ssl in the world of poe easy! multi-protocol vpn software from university of tsukuba build with source code from official website's download center. selection of open type fonts from the greek font society. ros - this library provides lean and mean error mechanisms. a python plotting library for making publication quality plots, master git branch ros - rqt_nav_view provides a gui for viewing navigation maps and paths. python client library for core api. http://core-api.github.io/python-client/ extended epg (eepg) plugin for vdr a kde screensaver featuring aquarium/sea animation in ascii art a fork of the zynaddsubfx software systhesizer a powerful literate-programming macro preprocessor. virtual filesystem implementation for gio, nosystemd version (gnome online accounts backend; cloud storage) vim syntax support for the purescript language. kodi dev files (beta or rc versions) launches $browser with fallbacks a refurbished erlang shell with support for color profiles and extensions. gdc, the d programming language (d2) frontend for gcc. git master branch compiled with gcc trunk snapshot. a pde oriented language using the finite element method fork of mysql-python with support for python 3 workload automation system. ros - the nodelet package is designed to provide a way to run multiple algorithms in the same process with zero copy transport between algorithms. all modules from mcabber repository. pkgbuild for crew edition. one of the most popular quakeworld clients for linux/bsd/osx/win32. you need the retail pak files to play. (git version) cross-platform 3d audio library, software implementation icon theme for linux mint generate full-size image files and thumbnails from html files and web pages use novaclient with multiple openstack nova environments the easy way swagger/openapi documentation generator for django rest framework. an in-memory database with pre-compiled java stored procedures (community edition) a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files. convert ocaml parsetrees between different versions simple extension that provides basic and digest http authentication for flask routes a graphical interface for structural equation modeling none a workspaces extension for gnome-shell as part of ozon os pdf printer for cups (beta) a turn-based strategy engine heavily inspired by panzer general (pg-data and kukgen-data included). python serialization module none dispatch your torrents between multiple torrent clients finite state machine manipulation platform, consisting of a library and tools implemented on top of it. application to help manage curriculum flowcharts at calpoly universal 2nd factor (u2f) pam authentication module from yubico multiplatform transparent client-side encryption of your files in the cloud. ascii art to image converter designed to be used with asciidoc mozilla extension to store passwords and form logins in gnome-keyring. guards against extra named arguments on methods a very small 4x8 font, originally desinged for the atari 800 terminal emulator weave together a pod document from an outline opentk documentation none production quality, multilayer open virtual switch sgf editor, also allow to play against engines virtio drivers for windows (2000, xp, vista, 7, 8, 10) guests and floppy images for windows xp handling of directories as described in the xdg directory specifications. prevents mitm attacks on the address resolution protocol (arp) dir2ogg converts mp3, m4a, wma, and wav files into ogg-vorbis format file-based locks for python for linux and windows magicpoint preprocessor gloo is a collective communications library from the facebook incubator. it comes with a number of collective algorithms useful for machine learning applications. ocaml csv parsing library a high quality voice chat program. an open source java tool for working with pdf documents. (pdfbox, fontbox, jempbox) an efficient c library for calibrated camera pose computation using geometric computer vision algorithms. ocaml bindings for the gstreamer multimedia framework wxwidgets base libraries for no x install (3.x branch development version) ros - actionlib_msgs defines the common messages to interact with an action server and an action client. ros - includes various supporting tools and utilities for c programming. mouse server for wifi mouse simple rfc-complient telnet implementation as a c library. vm designed for extremely compact low-level audiovisual programs/demos japanese rounded gothic fonts based on m fonts terragear is a collection of open-source tools and rendering libraries which can transform publically available gis data in 3d representations (i.e. 3d models or 3d maps) of the earth for use in real time rendering projects. kde-plasma compatible gui frontend for encfs. create, mount, umount and delete your encrypted fs. simple way to access google api for speech recognition with python on-hold music for freeswitch libretro implementation of atari800 v3.1.0 (atari 5200/400/800/xl/xe) (wip) utility for interacting with different lanes of servers on aws. a usb plugin modified to support steering wheels in pcsx2. a tool to hardlink together identical files in order to save space lua process call light weight hierarchical data store battery information via system tray chess database and pgn viewer rouge aims to a be a simple, easy-to-extend drop-in replacement for pygments. build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) library written in c that connects with several nintendo wii remotes a client/server implementation of the tftp protocol - git checkout ros - controller to publish joint state. get song lyrics from www.lyricwiki.org a suite of utilities for converting to and working with csv. cpu profiler a program to find files with a nice gtk interface masterforce solid font allows ada programs access to the syntactic and semantic structure of source code. also provides extra tools such as gnatpp. the std.pm6 command line multitool a gnome/xfce tiling applet for your panel tightvnc java viewer a purely functional concatenative language. standalone git lfs server fast artificial neural network library fast, lightweight yaml loader and dumper an api for interacting with gazelle based sites python client to neovim, git version. use this to keep up with neovim-git ros - standard ros messages including common message types representing primitive data types and other basic message constructs, such as multiarrays. image viewer and organizer fifo library for lua 5.3 wxwidgets wrapper for sqlite3, build for wxwidgets 2.8 a cross-platform application and ui framework (translations) perl module for triple-des ede encryption/decryption ktap kernel module, userpace tool and vim plugin python compatible, scheme-like with cl style macros and w/o continuations. osgrid's distribution of opensimulator, preconfigured to connect with osgrid the elementtidy parser can read (almost) arbitrary html files, and turn them into well-formed element trees. p2p decentralized digital currency with fast confirmation and no central issuer (qt) standalone web browser from mozilla.org, with telemetry, webrtc and signing disabled ldoce5 viewer ported to pyqt5 for retina (hidpi) support. nikki and the robots platformer game implementation of an automated differentiation system using generalized dual numbers (i.e. truncated taylor expansions). the core libraries, applications, and plugins of the osvr software platform. cups driver for the xerox phaser 3160 series shell interface for docopt, the cli description language gui interface for ghostview and imagemagick for operations with pdf and postscript extends the vdr with the possibility to act as an upnp/dlna media server (dms) qt/qml wrapper for google's leveldb python library to safely render arbitrary readme files into html matlab's mat-file i/o in java a small utility library developed for openwrt containing a event loop, linked lists, blobmsg, stream buffer management, [...] microsoft's guidelines support library (gsl) golden t game engine is an advanced cross-platform game programming library written in java language a super-fast orm backed by redis, supporting models and indexes with o(1) searches, and support for storing native/complex types and objects complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mg5500 series continuation passing c compiler. a new security assessment tool for pcap analysis define blocks for your i3bar status line lightweight x11 tiled window manager written in haskell passphrase entry on the command line for gnupg and others the picpgm development programmer software is a free and simple in-system-development programmer software for the microchip pic microcontrollers. vim plugin: highlights trailing whitespace in red and provides :fixwhitespace to fix it distributed code review system for git repositories risc-v frontend server a library for runtime types. fast, free and open-source spam filtering system. tree widgets for urwid sinclair zx80/zx81 emulator a build system designed for scalability and portability extremely fast non-cryptographic hash algorithm gui tool for extracting webm clips from youtube and many other video hosting services otr support for hexchat common files shared between python2 and python3 kdebindings. switchboard date & time plug spams a word of your choice on your terminal in rainbow colors. nginx module to use spnego for http authentication python-gantt make possible to easily draw gantt charts from python. output format is svg. fonts of the corporate-design for latex from technische universität darmstadt (only available within the tud-network!) enhanced continuation of the classic real-time strategy game dune ii (development version) bauer stereophonic-to-binaural dsp effect library - ladspa plugin nvidia container runtime python modules for implementing ldap clients green (blue, red, and yellow) apparatus x cursor theme generates images from nomnoml diagram sources on the command line a modification of the snap! visual programming language that lets you seamlessly interact with almost all versions of the arduino board. starts i3 inside a cinnamon session. a dark, low-contrast colorscheme for vim based on sorcerer by jeet sukumaran vpnks protects you against leaks caused by disconnetction portable netbsd compatibility library a library for adafruit tft displays. while typing a c function, a prototype is shown (man3 based) webkit based browser pulsar timing software a python wrapper of the c libtiff library ros - single image rectification and color processing. inventory management tool for path of exile various settings and changes for the panel in zorin desktop. nemo front-end for rabbitvcs svn git hg extension. a free, open source software package for image analysis and scientific visualization. a python module allowing for instant inlining of c and c code in python grame's inscore: interactive augmented music scores (git version) a manager assistent for the online football manager hattrick a python package which implements a series of statistical models for high-dimensional time-series standard for recording and recovering computer data associated with the numerical solution of fluid dynamics equations (mingw-w64) ros - packages for working with jackal from a ros desktop. a simple aur agent with a pretentious name the odb boost profile library oslo concurrency library postgresql background worker to capture data adwaita icon theme (mingw-w64) nvidia drivers utilities (32-bit) enhanced sdl port of dos arcade game c-dogs (aka "cyberdogs 2") recursive descent parser with memoization based on peg grammars (aka packrat parser). my attempt at a light pastebin a c library to evaluate the bessel functions of real order and complex argument. rust userstyle manager a 2d side-scrolling beat ’em up. zsh completion for rebar3. gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugin libraries (gst-plugins-bad) firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - acholi c framework for json-rpc 1.0 and 2.0 firewatch is a single-player first-person mystery set in the wyoming wilderness. lightweight llvm python binding for writing jit compilers javascript implementations of network transports, cryptography, ciphers, pki, message digests, and various utilities ros - turtlebot messages, services and actions. kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. a python library to validate/sanitize a string such as filenames/variable-names/excel-sheet-names. gcc plugin that embeds cpython inside the compiler system performance and analysis framework rna secondary structure prediction and comparison a fast, safe vpn based on libsodium math::planepath -- points on a path through the 2-d plane a distraction-free text editor emergency/postmortem python console text-vcard for perl methods to convert r data to yaml and back padre::plugin::snippet - textmate-like snippets for padre a package for solving ordinary differential equations and differential algebraic equations go bindings for the c library libnotify a ncurses wrapper around taskwarrior a binary clock in ncurses written in haskell object-oriented vector math methods in perl offline system update with pacman - git checkout python virtualenv api for emacs lisp an extended dynamic window manager for x (dwm fork) gui for neuron a pass extension that lets you quickly create ssh keypairs and output public keys using fzf or rofi. simple screen locker utility for x, fork of sxlock. uses pam authentication, suid needed (tty lock). plymouth theme featuring the famous asphyxia picture from starweaver a flask extension for creating rest apis xafs analysis program a fast and easy-to-use status bar don't you wanna killall humans? emacs port of anzu.vim "rise of the triad" is a high quality first-person perspective 3d action game (development version) chicken egg: bindings for datatypes used by xlib xs version of key parts of template::alloy free version of the ssl/tls protocol forked from openssl - highly exprimental only glpi inventory management an easy-to-use high-level api for hdf5 written in java. vxl library. the geometry and imaging core libraries are turned off in order to build successfully. a cli tool that splits files into n peices requiring r of them to reconstruct the original graph data structures and algorithms takes an existing v2 package.xml file and updates it with a new filelist and changelog command line interface for creating, building, maintaining, and shipping yeoman projects. german language pack for pale moon browser lightweight and fast web browser ravkav online client - unofficial package lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp-9022cdw poppins font by itfoundry a nice tiling or floating window manager a lightweight llvm python binding for writing jit compilers microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts a toolbar overlay for debugging flask applications a distributed anonymous network (daily mtn->git sync) to read, write, update, delete and backup your sim card contacts with standard pcsc smartcard reader coffeescript with await/defer syntax added development and debugging utilities for the bluetooth protocol stack. includes deprecated tools. forensic debugging wsgi middleware gstreamer fluendo/oneplay mp3 plugin gnu emacs. emacs 26 development and maintenance branch. dummy package. graphics api tracing kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-surftab-wintron-7 kernel font tester static analyzer by facebook catalyst::plugin::i18n::dbi - dbi based i18n for catalyst a helper class for handling configuration defaults of packaged django apps gracefully. perl/cpan module dbd::mock: mock database driver for testing node-http-proxy plus a rest api guest kernel modules for virtualbox running under linux-uksm. scientific tools for python compiled with intel mkl programming game, where the goal is to develop a robot battle tank to battle against other tanks in java or .net. the robot battles are running in real-time and on-screen. cups printer driver for the okidata c321 c331 c531 xstatic-jquery-ui effects rack for jack free, open source software for 3d geophysical data analysis and visualization the italian card game scopa perl package providing printf() alternative lxqt qt5ct integration simple note taking using your $editor and git unity launcher api add-on, compatible with e10s. a linux daemon to provide a proxy service for ipv6 neighbor solcitations received by a gateway routing device. a lossless audio compression program. a sabnzbd (usenet binary downloader) gui front-end written in pygtk php extension for gmagick kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-baytrail49 kernel with baytrail freeze fixes nvidia egl wayland library (libnvidia-egl-wayland.so.1.0.2) for 'nvidia-utils-full-beta' generic python packager for android / ios and desktop all-atom structure validation for macromolecular crystallography essential radio astronomy tools for gnuradio. xdebug profiling web frontend in php. google drive gui the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. the monochromatic panel icon sets for faba. a graphical pdf viewer which aims to superficially resemble less(1). webp library and conversion tools (mingw-w64) the xfce development tools a small replacement of init ros - general ros communications used by the various zeroconf implementations. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - croatian a program system designed for the efficient calculation of multi-particle scattering cross sections and simulated event samples. a modern asynchronous dns api modified ume and m fonts for japanese api documentation for libcutechess kde telepathy file transfer handler a lightweight music dsp library useful scripts, systemd timer/service units and their configuration a small utility to copy dvd the heretic shareware iwad (game data) trove client binding a light-weight bullet physics wrapper for the irrlicht graphics engine minimal finite state machine. numerical optimization for robotics executable around the gepgid(2) system call to get process group id a mail filtering utility for processing imap mailboxes high performance, scalable, production quality, nosql, open source extensible platform for data management build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) a java-based download manager for rapidshare and other file sharing archives an ssh2 extension for php current git tree of a bootloader for linux adminer skins parallel, indexed xz compressor aviation theme pack for xde the lxqt image viewer commandline client for spring rapid downloading system this packages the audio-cuefile-parser distribution, containing the audio::cuefile::parser module! an excel spreadsheet (.xls) and powerpoint (.ppt) to html converter archiso boot files for justbrowsing livecd enhanced outrun engine (development version) a tool to bundle the client part of a meteor app. a free bitmap font with wide unicode support - utilities cpu, ram memory, and load monitor for use with tmux a functional programming language for realtime audio signal processing. va-api implementation for intel g45 and hd graphics family with wrapper support for the hybrid codec driver install nodejs versions mattermost desktop application for linux (beta) the popular and trusted web browser by google (dev channel) celestia addon: extrasolar: stars: 2009 exoplanets ros - this is a set of tools for recording from and playing back to ros topics. header files and scripts for building modules for linux kernel with amdgpu dc patches probe is an animator for csp processes allowing the user to explore the behaviour of models interactively a free heretic game data file (iwad) gridcoin is a cryptocurrency that helps science via boinc - qt oniguruma is a regular expressions library. the tool for manipulating and converting bibtex-libraries set of tools to interface with kodi/xbmc data mining applications with basic and extended mixture model ros - this package contains a tool to convert unified robot description format (urdf) documents into collaborative design activity (collada) documents. chromium os libevdev command-line app to create and edit releases on github (and upload artifacts) plugin for php 5.3 support support for simple parallel computing in r. a tool set for short variant discovery in genetic sequence data. ros - tf2_geometry_msgs. toolkit for the brainfuck programming language solaris porting layer kernel module support files. prometheus instrumentation library for python 3 applications xcpretty custom formatter for travisci a geographic information system (gis) software with immense capabilities for geodata processing and analysis. audio plugin host the first scalable multi-threaded pi-benchmark for multi-core systems. a security tool similar to tripwire manjaro's official gtk2, gtk3, metacity, xfwm, openbox, cinnamon and gnome shell themes a version of the classic game mastermind. game about friendship, love and technology in a place where bits have replaced atoms. humblebundle version convert bdf font to c source code a simple, cross-platform screenshot module for python 2 and 3. neutron vpn as a service service rpaf is for backend apache servers what mod_proxy_add_forward is for frontend apache servers runtime and phobos library for the llvm based d compiler. (32-bit) a compatibility layer for running windows programs ros - metapackage that contains common tutorials. general-purpose mail filter speed up firefox using tmpfs ipxe build for arch linux netboot libraries for bible programs - svn-version implements basic operations for analysis and design of feedback control systems in python mine yours ours of intel® manycore platform software stack vultr driver for docker-machine gnome extension which allows users to customise the datetime format on the status bar and date menu. kde-service multifunction ros - lisp client library for ros, the robot operating system. library to access to storage media devices url and mouseless text selection for rxvt-unicode perl6 module manager (without alacryd makedepend) (minor) xs acceleration for ppi nagios account settings management a c class library for working with mime messages printer driver for xerox colorqube 8700/8900 wrapper package to wrap free tools into a java 1.5.0.0 compatible java environment tool for configuring your piv-enabled yubikey. headphones jack notification daemon ros - the pluginlib_tutorials package. znc module that sets clients away independently, and auto away gnome-shell extension for intel-pstate driver f-droid repository management tools gitdit - git dialog interface the universal elite game trainer for cli python calendar converter ros - mobile robot simulator http://rtv.github.com/stage. xboard compatible chess engine - precompiled binary from the official website ros - mavlink communication library. drop-in replacement for prosodys internal dns library with a binding to libunbound improbable web debugger through websockets (server) stream football matches and channels with acestream and sopcast cargo subcommand to vendor crates.io dependencies command line client for the diamex avr temp sensor (ds18b20) python's {un,}hexlify for the command-line. akiross smileys (for pidgin and kopete) hungarian language pack for pale moon browser plug-in manager for vim libraries for building reactive services in perl6 - zeromq part dsmi server with gui removed plugins for geany a rougelike mecha role playing game backup and restore your system using tar or transfer it with rsync an open-source third-party ti-84 plus ce / ti-83 premium ce calculator emulator an arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant xfce terminal color theme library and command line player for sharp x68000 mdx music files graphical cpu stats monitor in the system tray. generate pkgbuild file for a python module from pypi c-implementation of coap, dtls moxa uport 11x0 usb to serial hub driver lightweight replacement for gnu autotools x11 big requests extension wire protocol - git version name your accessors foo() and set_foo() this plugin allows you to pause/play a video by clicking on the video image hauppauge hvr1800 tv-tuner card firmware. asus hid fte100* dkms driver for kernel 4.9- compiz fusion main plugins flipit is a utility to allow the use of the x10 firecracker wireless appliance control kit a geometric sans serif typeface inspired by the popular futura press start 2p font slim is a template language. qt widgets for technical applications - qt4 version the pantheon window manager the gnome session properties tool hebrew language pack for firefox beta a simple secure password generator. qemu-ga high definition expansion photorealistic, comprehensive texture pack for minetest developed in 1979, akalabeth is the first game made by the legendary creator of the ultima series, richard garriot. run commands when the timer starts, stops or finishes team app (ex. odesk) a gnu social client written in bash. gpu zcash equihash solver optimized for nvidia and cuda 8 modular always-on voice controlled personal assistant designed for home automation is a virtual printer for viewing a document before printing it out using the physical printer - qt5 version image viewer with tiny filters perl6 code tracer x11 athena widget library (32 bit) a virtual themepark, running entirely inside a computer network and populated by a sentient evolving life form called the darwinians universal print filter, lprng version webdav library including a standalone server for python thin/fast corba orb (32 bit) a constrained-based diagram editor a truetype chess font for diagrams and figurine notation hyde is a static website generator powered by python & django. a set of file hashing tools (cli & gtk gui) the linux kernel and modules with multipath tcp support (based on linux 4.9.60) acme protocol implementation for python tool for generating lalr parsers. buttersink is like rsync for btrfs snapshots cross-platform 3d audio library, software implementation a darwin/os x emulation layer for linux tool for compiling and decompiling gme files for tiptoi pen netfilter extension that can operate on groups of interfaces. arch models in python. graphical user interface for hachoir. pidgin prpl icon override a tabbed pdf viewer using the poppler library. ever wanted cute little penguins walking along the tops of your windows? a python module written in c to help digital signal processing script creation. lightscribe simple labeler flexible, powerful, server-side application for playing music. light version without ao, ffmpeg, jack, modplug, pulse, shout, sidplay, soundcloud, wavpack, avahi, smbclient and zziplib support. download, install and play quake singleplayer maps from the quaddicted.com archive generate network-diagram image files from spec-text files. a c interpreter for paul graham's arc dialect of lisp. (git version) lua binadings for gobject using gobject-introspection library support multimethods and function overloading in perl create an html index starting from a directory using templates for the resulting pages bsd sockets in ada media downloader for play sites (e.g. svt play) pymodis is a free and open source python based library to work with modis data library for creating digidoc signature files an easy to use, fast and flexible tile renderer and server for osm data. constructivist ai language and runtime japanese man pages for the openssh shutdown, mute or execute a custom command after a configurable timespan a free and open source, cross-platform, libmpv based multimedia player. qt5 build. development version. graphical two-pane filemanager for gnome pacman db mtree check size/md5/sha256/symlink x11 waveform viewer with support for vcd, ascii and other trace formats. python2 documentation generator adds support for a 'password quality' column in the main entry list. python bindings for cracklib. effing package management! build packages for multiple platforms (deb, rpm, etc) with great ease and sanity. a command-line utility/shell for websocket inspired by netcat english thesaurus (en_us only) software package to solve polynomial systems by homotopy continuation methods the azardi book reader by infogrid pacific pte ltd. a gimp plugin for layer effects (layer->layer effects) trace based source code animator ca certificates from ecce.gov.pt perl module providing helper functions for developers of lexical pragmas a cross-platform open-source utility to flash firmware (aka roms) onto samsung galaxy s devices. run external commands and code at specific phases of dist::zilla. formatted c11/14 stdlib man pages (cppreference) high level dynamic set based language. wep, wpa wifi cracker for wireless penetration testing apple 1 emulator displays contextual information about the currently playing media a low level library, upon which multimedia apis can be built. a collection of routines used to create png format graphics (mingw-w64) kde editor for regular expressions an image toolbox for torch. emulates and measures cpu scheduling latency and jitter provides all cups wrapper drivers for models dcp-7010 dcp-7020 dcp-7025 dcp-8060 dcp-8065dn fax-2820 fax-2920 hl-2030 hl-2040 hl-2070n hl-5240 hl-5250dn hl-5270dn hl-5280dw mfc-7220 mfc-7225n mfc-7420 mfc-7820n mfc-8460n mfc-8660dn mfc-8860dn mfc-8870dw a sans-serif typeface ros - contains scripts used by the rosboost-cfg tool for determining cflags/lflags/etc. voice recordings for freeswitch signal processing tools, including filtering, windowing and display functions. virtual filesystem implementation for gio, nosystemd version (nfs backend) desktop app for workflowy.com, a note taking tool based on lists a simple graphical frontend to wvdial, ported to qt4. railroad-focused business simulation game with procedural content and a sophisticated city simulation. perl interface to google's weather api butterfly is a xterm compatible terminal that runs in your browser. libreoffice extension that provides romanian dictionary pack (spell checker, hyphenation, thesaurus) it's like curl -v, with colours. networkmanager library control the computer usage of your users. you can limit daily usage based on a timed access duration and configure periods of day when they can log in. decentralized websites using bitcoin crypto and the bittorrent network. ogg bitstream and framing library (mingw-w64) python wrapper for the hacker news api a general purpose, dynamically typed, stack-based programming language prefix each line with the time it as written alltray old-maintenance series awesome terminal fonts patching strategy programs for encoding binary data into a sequence of words mesos containerization hooks for docker colorize commands output or stdin using patterns. a graphical, open-source experiment builder for the social sciences, with ability to deploy on android cross-platform c library for asynchronous network i/o (1.11 branch) mmo based on the pokémon universe small utility to transform various docker container formats to one another call methods on native types wind is window manager implements most parts of the icccm and ewmh/netwm standards yet another arch linux package manager universal 2nd factor (u2f) pam authentication module from yubico ros - the interactive_marker_tutorials package. gui i2p controller written in python. split cue/media files with a graphical shntool based utility trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a new implementation of the authentication server for wifidog networks. the solus package build system color picker dialog for tkinter, alternative to tkinter.colorchooser. bullettrain prompt builder written in go a modification for quake iii arena featuring class-based gameplay html compressor and minifier. a caching front-end based on the dogpile lock. a simple ser files player, a file format used in astronomy. ros - lisp client library for ros, the robot operating system. quoted-printable format (rfc1521) encode / decode. cd image editor written in gtk2 a free open-source montecarlo raytracing engine. xclm and etc directories for microchip software recursively browse the filesystem through openbox3 pipe menus. (with icons) tool for installing bower dependencies lightweight, advanced audio player focused on audio quality brother cupd and lpd driver for dcp-7030 ldap schema for fusiondirectory dns plugin mushkin fw for atlas, catalyst, chronos, chronos deluxe, and chronos mx sandforce sf-2200 ssds a re-implementation of the dos-era qmodem serial communications package. belote, a fun gtk card game playing against computer private messaging from your desktop module for the 'fog' gem to support atmos. easy installation framework none create mobile applications with go, by transpiling to haxe application for fingerprint-based authentication, automatically support upek fingerprint readers with non-free library smart and readable documentation for your php project a stealth php web shell that provides a telnet-like console a simple, pacman-like aur helper a web framework built on top of qt, using the simple approach of catalyst (perl) framework tray application for syncthing automatic information system decoder for shipborne position reporting for the gnuradio project file roller context menu entries for dolphin this library helps write robots.txt compliant web robots in ruby. vala bindings for the xfce framework sdl port of the hack-n-slash dos game gladiator create svg graphics and/or pstricks code usable in latex documents. xstatic-jsencrypt code2html converts a program source code to syntax highlighted html extra tools built using clang's tooling apis (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.7/) very simple cms for very simple content xbox filesystem support for linux binary file delta generator python wrapper for interfacing with freecad; makes it easier to draw 3d objects programmatically a tool for capture, edit, share and exchange screenshots between people via the internet xs implementation of parts of class::load bot for google hangouts 3d scatter plot guile-based library implementing flexible control files for scientific simulations systemd scripts for certbot (letsencrypt) renewals json diff extensible platform dedicated to source-code analysis of c software. gtk gui elements for scripts api docs for google android sdk extra firmwares for linux-think diaspora: shattered armistice is a single and multiplayer space fighter combat game set in the reimagined battlestar galactica universe. a sabnzbd (usenet binary downloader) gui front-end written in pygtk (bzr version) gstreamer multimedia framework base plugins ros - rosmake is a ros dependency aware build tool which can be used to build all dependencies in the correct order. a gui tool for working with mobile devices software for amateur radio weak-signal communication (jt9 and jt65) a python compiler real tty driver for moxa nport serial console terminal server an open source agar.io server implementation, written with node.js. linbox (microsoft office documents to pdf) converter commandline client cross-platform java executable wrapper oscam-emu is an oscam addon module to include emulator support and other functionality box2d qml bindings a science fiction roguelike, nethack in space. webtorrent, the streaming torrent client. for the command line. python 2 client for pathlib2 tools to test taintedness a web proxy with advanced filtering capabilities. cvs version wickr messenger lua 5.2 bindings for opengl a general ab initio quantum chemistry package. for single machine use only. the simplest rsync wrapper for backup linux system. pkgbuild at https://github.com/gutenye/gutbackup/tree/master/misc/aur removes files which haven't been accessed for a period of time convert xembed system tray icons to sni icons a personal and small-business financial-accounting application with enabled python bindings. c bindings for libgnome. colour finder utility (gui) command line utilities for python 2 ros - actionlib_msgs defines the common messages to interact with an action server and an action client. a php wrapper to colin percival's scrypt hashing function implementation lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp-l2500d library for python 2 and 3 to communicate with the google chromecast plugin for vapoursynth: vcfreq perl client for selenium remote driver builds vector tilesets from large (or small) collections of geojson features pure python parser for the sdds file format a '2ch bbs' browser worked on emacsen. a tool to import data from some kalenji running watches. gui front-end for iptables 3d geometrical postscript renderer free and open source software for video recording and live streaming. symbolic fitting for python - fitting as it should be script to show notification for a block device with mount option bootstrap a rpm based distribution like debootstrap free cross-platform file archiver (compiles from source) ros - components of moveit connecting to perception. a reusable split-off of pecl_http's persistent handle and resource factory api output analysis and diagnostics for markov chain monte carlo simulations base package for typesetting fraktur fonts with latex. you will need at least one font package. jquery-like selection queries for html::element iptables-save/restore syntax highlighter lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server, mainline-rtmp release share pacman packages on the lan. a replacement for pacserve an announcement center app for owncloud ide for the tla tools simple gtk2 manual page viewer plastic theme for xfwm4, derived to kwin fonts based on the original gentium design with additional weights enables a java application to be run as a windows service or unix daemon like dput, but better toggles between values: on/off, true/false, yes/no, define/undef, /-, >/<, &&/||, &/| and positive and negative numbers by pressing <c-t> or  development package of the free library for decoding and rendering flash animations mysql top (monitor and examine slow queries) the default wallpapers for fedora, from fedora 8 (werewolf) to fedora 26. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux kernel with amdgpu dc patches solaris porting layer kernel headers. perl script for installing latest ff beta in the language of your choice a simple rest client for c gtk ui for neovim written in rust module for the fog gem to support brightbox cloud a python aur helper/library. piwigo is a photo gallery software for the web that comes with powerful features to publish and manage your collection of pictures. python3 django x-forwarded-for middleware. cli bash script to create a minecraft server in one command dracut initramfs module to start dropbear sshd during boot to enter luks passphrase remotely automate downloading or processing content (torrents, podcasts, etc.) from different sources like rss-feeds, html-pages, various sites and more. microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts a strategic-to-the-bone, starfleet command game in which deception, smart movement, and choices to battle decide victory or defeat common libraries for gnome cross-platform cross-python shutil.which functionality the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security without aes-ni a simple interface to read whole-slide images in python pdf rendering library based on xpdf 3.0 freetype documentation (from git) replacement of alt-tab, iterates through windows in a cover-flow manner epson printer driver (me office 535 / stylus nx230, sx230, sx235w, tx230w, tx235, tx235w) lib32 symlink to ncurses for use in packages unite makes gnome shell look like ubuntu unity shell azk is a lightweight open source development environment orchestration tool. instantly & safely run any environment on your local machine. ros - includes various supporting tools and utilities for c programming. a tool to backup a rednand install a wrapper around programs that output to a terminal, to give them colour for utility and aesthetics while still keeping them the same at the text level. create an installable distribution from common sources portuguese citizen card application deepin wine qq light 7.9. logging library for c, compiled with cmake microsoft vista true type fonts an open-source, non-linear video editor for linux based on mlt framework (git version) agrep-like fuzzy matching, but made faster using golang and precomputation. 'giana's return', unofficial sequel to the (in)famous mario clone 'great giana sisters' application server used by sogo integration of periscope in nautilus menus. vtuner server for broadcasting local dvb devices in network tool to scan onion services(git version) a software package for numerical computation, providing a powerful computing environment for engineering and scientific applications. store (restore) perl data structures in xml stream. a set of shared spec helpers specific to puppetlabs projects. a new generation proxy firewall suite a dlna/upnp-av media server (aka readydlna) with patch to set a custom icon (instead of a tux) a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (with openglhq and noxgrabkeyboard patches) (32-bit) mpd albums randomizing script ios push email for dovecot - xaps daemon viper window manager a firmware replacement and toolchain for programming the lego nxt in java plugin for vapoursynth: mvsfunc (git version) a tool meant to generate graders and templates files of olympic problems interactive viewer for periodic tilings of all three two-dimensional geometries none form fill program of the hungarian tax office (általános nyomtatványkitöltő (ányk)) aurora scheduler for mesos imgur api official python bindings a beautiful persian font based on vazir font. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a plugin for gimp that aids in the authoring of tangent-space normal maps for use in per-pixel lighting applications. ros - drivers for the asus xtion and primesense devices. chameleon x cursor theme (white flavour) an image recognition runtime for heterogenous architectures comments that do more than just sit there fsleyes is the fsl image viewer, widgets is one of its dependent projects a memory-based, optional-persistence naïve bayesian text classifier. cross-platform c framework, including the projucer c editor net::mac::vendor - look up the vendor for a mac apache module for outlook anywhere support in reverse proxy setups marathon 2 scenario data files for aleph one command line (cli) front-end for rabbitvcs a dynamic window manager for x mbim modem protocol helper library with experimental qmi-over-mbim patch a simple virtual terminal emulator for x. patched for solarized colorscheme. a extensible shell with higher-order functions, derived from the plan 9 shell, rc. an ide for java and other languages - jee  birt package a mixture between wmhdplop and the great wmtop. a text editor in memorial to norton editor with block and binary operations a twisted-based publish/subscribe messaging server that uses the stomp protocol very fast network logon cracker which support many different services a wrapper for latex and friends, latest git version. label the rows, columns, any dimension, of your numpy arrays standalone server which implements webdriver's wire protocol json implementation for ruby nec - pc8801 emulator on the linux platform a gtk utility for computing message digests or checksums (development version). - nemo filemanager plugin list of "public suffixes" under which internet users can (or historically could) directly register names modified konatu and m fonts for japanese client library for the my.gpodder.org web service the javascript task runner abc notation editor rendering intelligence very easily voom - vim two-pane outliner. support mediawiki,rest,markdown,... a new program based on ap51 flash, for flashing la fonera and atheros chipset compatible devices command-line utillity for quickly adding a random track to your mpd playlist. a virtual machine for andrew w. appel's tree intermediate representation. tools from debian to integrate the package build system with git attractively formatting project gutenberg texts into html or latex an xterm replacement with transparency support extension for firefox which convert tabs to a list and reduce browser memory the linux-rt kernel and modules python2 bindings for liblxc additional shapes for dia (diagram creation program) a small little library that was created by pulling out some common code out of indicator-applet light gnome-shell theme with a normal font weights open source data visualization and analysis for novice and experts. data mining through visual programming or python scripting. convert csv to formatted spreadsheets and documents get count(*) results from the database with search functionality major release 3.3 of the python high-level programming language apache licensed pine mail user agent globally/universally unique identifiers (guids/uuids) greek thesaurus a curses-based playlist manager and media player for *nix operating systems with vim-like keybindings. a free universal database tool for developers and database administrators. enterprise edition includes nosql database support kde cdemu manager is a simple frontend for cdemu. an implementation of a useful subset of yaml content manager assistant for the ps vita generate a version number from darcs history low level library functions for zorp x11 font extension wire protocol - git version sound indicator for wingpanel cfg2html is a unix shell script similar to getsysinfo or get_config, except that it creates a html (and plain ascii) system documentation for hp-ux 10.xx/11.xx, integrity virtual machine, sco-unix, aix, sun os and linux systems. a gkrellm plugin which provides pager functionality for your virtual desktops python bindings for the cross-platform midi i/o library rtmidi switchboard security & privacy plug the open-xchange server smtp bundle http library for lua 5.1 screen saver / locker for the x window system - no motif bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - director daemon a simple font management application for gtk desktop environments an image viewing/manipulation program (32-bit) flyway - database migrations made easy. c library to read hrtfs if they are stored in the aes69-2015 sofa format (git version) fedora 23 backgrounds. topydo is a todo list application using the todo.txt format. an autocompletion daemon for the go programming language (vim scripts) none introduction to probability and statistics using r state of the art statistical machine translation system - stable release 3 ros - metapackage referencing tutorials related to rviz and visualization. a gadu-gadu compatible client. pdf presentation tool chest japanese truetype fonts from vine linux a color scheme with dark and light variants, by noah frederick. cross origin resource sharing (cors) support for flask openss7 fast-streams and protocol suites (3.16 kernel modules) an application to create avatars from themed packages lightweight, multi-platform, multi-architecture cpu emulator framework based on qemu wrap the other qt tools by searching for different instances of qt on the system nvidia driver for arch's official 'linux' package (vulkan developer beta version) a free, open source power tool for working with messy data and improving it ruby parser written in pure ruby. integrates jquery colorpicker with the django admin build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) take a screenshot using the linux scrot command and upload it directly to your ssh server. heroes of newerth is a real time strategy game heavily influcenced by dota posix 1003.1e capabilities xep-0352: client state indication for prosody julian date calculator full featured redis cache backend for django websocket support for uri package fast hierarchical clustering routines for python kdialog can be used to show nice dialog boxes from shell scripts. (git version) multithreaded video transcoder a curses implementation of tk / make your tk apps cui apps a simulation toolkit for particle physics interactions. allow you to browse into the archive of arte7 & arteliveweb sites and to record your prefered videos. rtsp server library based on gstreamer (mingw-w64) mistral client library puzzle game with isometric 3d graphics inspired by sokoban a key-value storage for binary data, support many backends a single-player fantasy card game played against a computer opponent ros - a controller ensuring the safe operation of kobuki. lxqt power management daemon perl module implementing ciphersaber encryption. background images and data for mate text-mode full-screen digital clock syncleus's gpgpu api for data parallel java. uses opencl. icon theme gray for lxqt and kde containig part of oxygen a cryptographic library that is designed to fit easily in any context module providing access to cairo from within lua generate man pages and help text from markdown-formatted docs translation between c declarations and pseudo-english xstatic-rickshaw secure, configuration-free, p2p skype replacement backend executes commands in response to file modifications library that contains several hash-map implementations, including implementations that optimize for space or speed. (mingw-w64) ros - the pluginlib package provides tools for writing and dynamically loading plugins using the ros build infrastructure. reduce computer algebra system -- common files chinese simplified locale for keepass monadic let-bindings the phar installation and verification environment (phive) wget for ipfs: retrieve files over ipfs and save them locally. prosody authentication plugin which uses dovecot as the backend bridge iou to udp, tap and ethernet. gns3 tool. discovers optimal partitioning schemes for dna sequences a command to transliterate ascii to hiragana. a cross-platform assembler for the z80 processor a command-line program to give you the number of days until or since certain events. mozilla ldap c sdk dmenu/rofi (optional) interface to select and upload screenshots and gifs to imgur with the help of slop. (screencasts too). fast-paced multiplayer first-person shooter. complete adapta theme pack for kde plasma using kvantum theme engine (git version) c/c lib that allows programmers to quickly add a light and intuitive gui into graphic apps to interactively tweak their params vm and compiler for lua small tool based on gdal/proj4 to automatic crop box on geotiff maps (in most cases - russians) vim plugin for using racer for rust code completion and navigation. run any program as daemon ultra-lightweight object oriented framework for gnu c. a public domain map dataset, tightly integrated vector and raster data, to make a variety of maps with cartography or gis software. this package provides the cultural and physical data in 1:10mio, 1:50mio and 1:110mio scale. warning: about 900 mib big. krat-myrelax icons extension for creating epub files from libreoffice a http headless webclient for java pure plugin for gnu texmacs provides automated hinting process for web fonts. canon ij scanner driver (for mp270 series) open font majuscule typefaces, provided by the greek font society voice recordings for freeswitch morning_star gtk themes collection alpm hook to sync after pacman installs to prevent corruption from using a flash disk or reboot to kernel crash starcraft mod that allows you to play starcraft with the stratagus engine (git version) build your own jeopardy is a program to create and play jeopardy-like games. a clean and simplistic alternative for argparse, optparse and getopt tool for processing wayland connections ros - c ros message and service generators. bitcoin-compatible base58 and base58check implementation this is pump.io. it's a stream server that does most of what people really want from a social network. (git version) a surprisingly powerful unix shell adminer skins nextcloud desktop client (no kio/dolphin support, with systemd user session service) tiny qt music player to keep your favorite songs at hand international components for unicode library how to get coffee in peace: a shell meta-wrapper normalize text based on the naco rules collection of common android lollipop ui elements for pencil. all in vector format. a simplified markdown dialect and interpreter screenshot program for the framebuffer replace command line argument with a password stored in gnome keyring and execute. json output from a shell ros - this package contains common nodelet tools such as a mux, demux and throttle. daemon to control your lifx smart bulbs via a json-rpc api remote who client and server (with debian patches) komodo edit codeintel software to decode apt and wefax signals from weather satellites trac xmlrpc library a pure c svn-client for kde. (git version) steam protocol plugin for bitlbee a platform independent file lock for python eviacam - mouse replacement software that moves the pointer as you move your head. simple static webserver and directory listing python pam module supporting py3 (and py2) ingleby font from dafont.com papirus plasma theme for kde converts a single linux system disk in to a software raid 1, 4, 5, 6 or 10 standalone userland driver for the steam controller an open source “internet of things” application and api to store and retrieve data solaris porting layer kernel module support files. netspeed plugin for xfce4 panel. like gnome netspeed applet. uses default route as first choice for automatic selection bytecoin(bcn) wallet a utility for truncating text by rolling it like a news ticker an offline-caching, synchronization and indexing system for pim data (development branch) a gnome web browser based on the webkit rendering engine, with elementaryos patchset ros - this package attempts to show the features of ros python api step-by-step, including using messages, servers, parameters, etc. platform support library used by libcec and binary add-ons for kodi line plugin for pidgin (libpurple) sstp support for networkmanager some basic modules to make scrolling pygame games full implementation of the common lisp language in the jvm extutils::cppguess - guess c compiler and flags a chat platform that intends to look at other chat programs and take only the best of everything. geographic information system (gis) that supports vector, raster & database formats - development master a ruby client for the osc protocol a multimedia playback engine (32-bit) software for head motion tracking on linux. a little gtk tool for managing all your stuff an open-source implementation of the opengl specification - non-libglvnd version a platform-independent gui for apple's ipod using gtk2 (old version) tk-difftext - perl/tk composite widget for colorized diffs ldap schema for fusiondirectory fai plugin google play desktop client bluez bluetooth sco tool a python program with gtk ui created to resize images a node.js mail server manage removable devices via dmenu (or rofi) gnome 2 icon theme, symbolic icons offline openstreetmap maps kde window manager smartscope app faenza icon theme for filezilla. gnu c library headers (armv8l-linux-gnueabihf) efl based library for weather information simple web client for accessing spotify connect api (raspberry pi 2) german locale for keepass orayta books console client for xmms2 openstack sphinx extensions and theme securely share files between computers with a usb drive ros - this is a set of tools for recording from and playing back to ros topics. you use the power of creatures, spells, and ancient machines to gain the edge in battle, deploying your forces by using scrolls. better desktop integration for riot.im (not only) for gnome project lombok integrated to eclipse installation installs a wsgi application in place of a real uri for testing a lightweight and cross-platform music player. yaml for the command line a minimalist implementation of python in 64k of code search your google contacts from the command-line or mutt. the kinematics and dynamics library is a framework for modelling and computation of kinematic chains (python binding) open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. distributed system for moving large amounts of log data. systemverilog support for vim ros - metapackage that contains common tutorials. rust language server chibios - free embedded rtos catalyst::plugin::static::simple make serving static pages painless. use light-locker-command as it was slock, useful for xflock4 graphical version of su written in c and gtk a collection of pacman-related tools python-markdown extension to provide a small amount of structure to markdown documents. plugin for vapoursynth: autocrop (git version) the gnu compiler collection for multilib (4.7.x) android audo api simulators package a stock market software that helps you make smart investment decision yet another uci chess engine latest bzr trunk allen wild's fork of ag, which supports pcre2 and .agrc user config morning_star gtk themes collection moon buggy is a simple game for the text mode a small c library for reading portable sound format files x session manager friendly english-like interface for your command line a wrapper class around aria2's json rpc interface. a simple and light qt5 wm. 100% compatible with the ewmh and icccm standards. lsi 3ware satasas raid controller software. includes 3dm2 and tw_cli. standalone web browser from mozilla — nightly build (en-us) mopidy extension for playing music from somafm high-level, high-performance, dynamic programming language (documentation and examples) mpv player backend plugin for gnome twitch a simple fifo and filesystem based jabber/xmpp client a series of convenience functions to make basic image processing asier with opencv a linux mint theme. includes gtk2, gtk3, metacity and xfce components. a size profiler for binaries wirelessly transmit any audio from your pc to your android phone or other pcs an implementation of the dvmrp multicast routing protocol. it turns a unix workstation into a dvmrp multicast router with tunnel support, in order to cross non-multicast-aware routers. xfce applet ,that's show namedays the clojure programming language ros - tf2_msgs. regular expression generator eiskaltdc: qt4-based dc and adc client based on dcpp core simple (or small or suckless) x image viewer parse the data from a debian packages.gz tool for computing continuous distributed representations of words all-in-one voice and text chat for gamers that's free and secure. a python library for manipulating opendocument 1.2 files json-rpc transport realisation chann is an anonymous imageboard written in c/c based on mongoose and unqlite. documentation for oracle java 10 development kit snapshot this module is a snmp passpersist backend for net-snmp. improved methods for reading rectangular data. pkg-config wrapper for djgpp application that handles sshfs/sftp file systems mounting. free open source software digital video recorder (dvr) project todo list manager a free lightweight 8-bit voxel editor and interactive path tracing renderer, enjoy :) your own url shortener place gnome-shell notifications under the panel instead of above the message-tray. (git version) a lightweight taskbar panel for netwm compliant window managers mopidy extension for playing music from a beets collection swedish dictionary for wps office a flow-based data presentation framework for terminals. git version. ros - rtab-maps ros-pkg. yubico yubikey pam module - git checkout lightweight qt5 plain text editor for linux the basic library to develop the robocup soccer simulation client and tools two versions of the 256-color wombat scheme for vim collection of church slavonic fonts from the site of irmologion.ru in the ucs encoding chaloult condensé truetype fonts. libcec bindings for python libretro implementation of caprice32 (amstrad cpc) pdftk is a simple tool for doing everyday things with pdf documents graphical tools for mercurial node based visual scripting system designed for motion graphics in blender. extra maps for liquidwar6 a general classifier module to allow bayesian and other types of classifications. multithreaded click apps made easy record and replay framework: lightweight recording and deterministic debugging plugin for vapoursynth: wwxd (git version) a python wrapper for libmpv. eclipse ide for the go programming language a small plasmoid to display the state of your harddisk protected with the hdapsd colorize commands output or stdin using patterns. a simple docker container and image garbage collection script qtrans is a word translator for kde4. it uses babylon (*.dic) dictionaries and translates many languages. a heads up display for git package for solving dc and transient electrical circuit equations xscreensaver hack that randomly selects one of the apple tv4 hd aerial movies citadel/ux is a collaboration suite (messaging and groupware) that is descended from the citadel family of programs which became popular in the 1980s and 1990s as a bulletin board system platform. an alternative implementation of the plan 9 rc shell. an open source render farm managing software embedded json database engine general purpose library and file format for storing scientific data (openmpi version) (full version including its java native interfaces) rewrite of protracker v2.3d (amiga) create bootable usb from a livecd or disc image of ubuntu clean and powerful library for game programming mssql module for php a slender monospace sans-serif and slab-serif typeface inspired by pragmata pro, m and pf din mono. thue programming language a lightweight gui for managing mysql, postgresql, and microsoft sql databases. this package uses the latest nightly build (32bit) on top of the portable version, and uses wine. a free digital painting application. digital painting, creative freedom! (git version) a blank check printer that adds micr codes and check templates to blank stock. a library for x windows manipulation. voluptuous is a python data validation library ssh and telnet client with zmodem file transfer capability danish language pack for firefox beta very simple python library for color and formatting in terminal osmarender in perl - a complete re-implemenation of osmarender in perl digramic bayesian classifier some lua modules for the system monitor conky. userland nfs command tool free game based on the doom engine python interface to cmu sphinxbase and pocketsphinx libraries adjusts the color temperature of your screen according to your surroundings (development version) a pacman wrapper with extended features and aur support perl datetime extension to convert date::manip dates and durations to datetimes and vice versa. files shared in common with chocolate doom-based games. set of hebrew fonts by louis davis and co. in otf and ttf formats. sup is a console-based email client for people with a lot of email. great mutt alternative. ncurses interface for qemu view graph data structures in the ipython notebook modified versions of all dina 13 font variants for use with vim-powerline. a mini mpd client for the systray functions and routines for basic information theory definitions, and source coding. the mono debugger an advanced vector graphics program, development release magic collection is a small program to manage your collection of magic: the gathering cards. companion code for think python. a free implementation of the dvb common scrambling algorithm run faust signal processors in pd, pd-extended version statistical profiling for python developer documentation for yii framework an offline version of rust-lang.github.io/book, the official documentation for the rust language (git already compiled version) the hammer parsing library bluetooth support for pulseaudio brother cups and lpd driver for l5750dw maya serie white cursor theme gstreamer opengl (hardware rendering) player backend for gnome twitch securely and easily download, verify, install, and launch tor browser japanese truetype font based on source hans sans (gennokakugothic) object orientated interface to fits hdus a complete music and sound solution library for nintendo nds and gba homebrew gtk2 archiver utility rgbmatrix library to take advantage of adafruit rpi led matrix hat port of statsd to go, with built-in graphite support ffs/ufs/ufs2 filesystem utilities from freebsd pillars of eternity hero edition preorder bonus: pledge of gaun ring (item) and space piglet (pet) a pacman hook that patches rstudio to utilize ligatures ros - components of moveit that offer simpler interfaces to planning and execution. a lightweight, customizable window manager with a virtual desktop high performance rtmp streaming server most comprehensive openssl module in the lua universe for lua 5.1 build a uri from a set of named parameters a bytecode optimizer for android apps ros - qt_gui provides the infrastructure for an integrated graphical user interface based on qt. the great french dictionary of émile littré (qt) no title bar removes the title bar, moves the window title and buttons to the top panel. oracle java 7 runtime environment (32-bit) (public release - end of support) emby server compiled with a patch to unlock emby premiere features x display manager multi-purpose advanced lv2 sampler plugin eq-3 max! module for homegear openfabrics alliance high performance fabric library tests using libfabric adding keywords to perl, in perl wordlist-based password generator. an rpc stack for emacs lisp obsidian icon theme count source lines of code in a project. chinese chewing engine for ibus framework riloe ii/ilo online configuration utility vnc server for real x displays build system for multi-language systems please vim, stop with these swap file messages. just switch to the correct window! glcorearb header ldap schema for fusiondirectory ssh plugin a console minesweeper-style game written in c for *nix lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp585cw firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - sinhala schematic editor leopard flower personal firewall airspeed is a powerful and easy-to-use templating engine for python that aims for a high level of compatibility with the popular velocity library for java ros - roslaunch is a tool for easily launching multiple ros nodes locally and remotely via ssh, as well as setting parameters on the parameter server. universal flash programmer for texas instruments devices. provides a single interface for programming flash memory and executing flash based operations on supported targets. whiteeyedoll's dotfile collection webmail for nuts! (development version subversion source) subclass to term::extendedcolor utilities for monitoring your system and its processes (with classic top) java ascii versatile editor - graphics editor for editing texts instead of images. enhanced task app for nextcloud qt front-end for sudo. part of but not restricted to lxqt. ros - c implementation of bond, a mechanism for checking when another process has terminated. the taiji (chinese) input method for ibus table user discretion power managment utility forked from cpu frequency indicator (bzr version) integrated process monitor for developing servers. brother sane drivers for dsmobile 620 bitcoin full node and query server a solver for delay differential equations written in python and c. library that implements the mfc/r2 and dtmf/r2 signalling over e1 lines a chinese calendar library in pure python a tool for indexing and then performing regular expression searches over large bodies of source code. compositor-friendly patch for xsnow media center (git version) versatile, mouse-free window tiling for x11, with a 12 section grid system. cairo vector graphics library the computer version of the liftoff! board game by fritz bronner librealsense is a cross-platform library (linux, osx, windows) for capturing data from the intel realsense f200, sr300 and r200 cameras neorouter is a cross-platform zero-configuration vpn solution international components for unicode library automated tv series manager and downloader - git branch develop ldap module for libuser opencl 2.1 (open computing language) header files (svn version) modular wayland compositor based on wlc a pygments-lexer for beancount-files morphological analyser of the text for russian, polish and english. a very small but powerful unix editor. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - lithuanian counts lines, statements, other simple measures of c/c source programs. a collection of tools to process mbox files resilio sync (ex:bittorrent sync) - automatically sync files via secure, distributed technology network management daemon lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-l2700dn printer a desktop/gui font family for integrated use with the kde desktop android google apis, api-${_api} squashfs root support for mkinitcpio (local and remote image locations supported) code check tool for cs50 / cs50x (harvard college's introduction to computer science i) orx: portable game engine fast configurable programmers editor a youtube client that does not need flash ros - mavros_msgs defines messages for mavros. dual boot patcher for android roms ros - roscpp is a c implementation of ros. tool that converts ascii to uml timing diagrams. minimalist secure text editor and binary encryptor that implements rfc 4880 open pgp format updated clone of westood studios' dune2 (development version) lightweight image viewer (with gimp launcher) the official android ide, dummy package a free version of the unforgiving japanese parody of super mario bros a python trash manager. (git version) pure perl implementation of the on-line algorithm to produce statistics fast light window manager ipv6 ndp proxy daemon a 26-level dungeon crawl to the amulet of yendor. pony object-relational mapper floor plans of some czech bus stations/ stops, to be used with the timetable search engines by chaps. diction identifies wordy and commonly misused phrases. 3d physics platform game that tells the story of a plucky wheeled robot named poll read/write vixie compatible crontab(5) files produces metrics for python programs a desktop publishing program - version 1.5 svn ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) gnss (global navigation satellite system) software receiver ppd files cups needs in order to install oce varioprint printers parallel graph management and execution in heterogeneous computing runtime gcc 5.3 libraries (32-bit) chinese (traditional) language pack for firefox beta cross platform personal finance application written in java - build from github starts i3 inside a gnome-flashback session. modern concurrency tools for ruby. inspired by erlang, clojure, scala, haskell, f#, c#, java, and classic concurrency patterns. a vim plugin to show a diff, whenever recovering a buffer slade3 doom editor legacy web content engine for gtk 3 a scientific software package for numerical computations. linux cli tool to backup and restore axe-fx ii data porting qt2 to modern cmake to use it for kde 2 port apache 2.5 sapi for php multi-platform policy server for popular mtas language r 3.1.2 xtensor is a c library meant for numerical analysis with multi-dimensional array expressions. update the pacman mirror list using reflector linux nis tools aria2 web ui in pure html/css/javascirpt varela round is a sansserif typeface with rounded corners utf-8 to postscript converter using pango spanish (spain) language pack for firefox beta lv2 plugin host interface for pure (lilv bindings) retrieve information such as essid or signal quality from wireless cards (python module) icc's sample color management library a program usefull to align and stack astronomical images plugin for vapoursynth: cnr2 (git version) ros - rosconsole_bridge is a package used in conjunction with console_bridge and rosconsole for connecting console_bridge-based logging to rosconsole-based logging. a collection of quotes from bisnap's twitch channel for use with fortune. the pantheon music player implementtion of c11 annex k  iso tr24731 bounds checking interface robocup soccer simulator dso module for apache that throttles http traffic network caller id extensions. the hyphenation pattern files compiled for fop okcash qt wallet, git version spread is an open source toolkit that provides a high performance messaging service - daemon and c api window resizing and tiling utility perl interface to the fugue digest algorithm ethereum wallet and dapp browser. search your google contacts from the command-line or mutt. folder synchronisation software hydrogen drum kits a low-level cryptographic library (mingw-w64) a git flow replacement with a single branch model a roguelike game with a cold theme. a program to interpolate pixels in jpeg images an extensible proxy which prevents some isp from detecting network traffic. open source sip stack and media stack, built with patches from savoirfaire linux (mostly gnutls support) a network exploration tool and security/port scanner an elegant music player which can get songs from kuwo.cn the pantheon window manager manage a hospital in this humoristic business simulation game (gog.com version) vnc remote desktop server software by realvnc an unprivileged userspace keylogger for x11 sessions cors support for aiohttp (gns3) ncurses bittorrent client based on libtorrent, with ipv6 patch an arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant tilix color scheme quantlib cython wrappers huawei e220 statistics interface gnu documentation suite - legacy version startup and shutdown scripts for ssh-agent in kde free and open (as much as possible) integrated sdk for esp8266 chips files extraced from heroes of might and magic iii demo nvidia's gpu programming toolkit - frozen at version 7.0 miscellaneous tools that don't fit somewhere else. a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtserialport) (5.1.x) print your public or private ip address free branch version of the lio target api ros - stereo and single image rectification and disparity processing. a easy to use morse code (ham radio) trainer using the koch-method. coolvetica font (taken from garry's mod) python ssh2 protocol library an advanced tool to flexibly manipulate mpd playlists ki18n webtv vlc player to watch tv/radio playlists on the internet ros - this package contains a class for converting from a 2d laser scan as defined by sensor_msgs/laserscan into a point cloud as defined by sensor_msgs/pointcloud or sensor_msgs/pointcloud2. cli weather from weather underground jupyter serverextension providing configuration interfaces for nbextensions resamples and co-adds together fits images using any arbitrary astrometric projection defined in the wcs standard. manpages for the libelf elf access library. check point ssl network extender (vpn client) ros - components of moveit that offer simpler interfaces to planning and execution. a flat and light theme with a modern look using arch linux colors (gnome, openbox, unity, xfce) pharo launcher helps you manage your pharo images fast, accurate python geohashing library lasagne is a lightweight library to build and train neural networks in theano. power assert for ruby a sdl-based reimplemention of the classic chinese-language rpg 'xian jian qi xia zhuan' a simple font management application for gtk desktop environments download, manipulate and apply openstreetmap changefiles mpi parallel map and cluster scheduling from git master renders and parses json/xml/yaml documents from and to ruby objects. includes plain properties, collections, nesting, coercion and more. tideways profiler cli inputstream client for adaptive streams for kodi 17 a vnc server for the gnome desktop (legacy version) facebook api implementation monitors, analyzes and transformations communication between the mysql client and server simple tool to automate downloading of podcasts the imagemagick documentation (utilities manuals and libraries api) determine whether a shared library is available to be loaded by perl 6 a simple program which checks python source files for errors. mopidy extension for playing music using the audioaddict service a simple user centric ebook reader which displays multiple ebooks formats uniformly fast javascript parser (based on esprima.js) backup scripts using systemd timer/service units and gpg encryption ros - the smach_ros package contains extensions for the smach library to integrate it tightly with ros. a dark openbox 3 theme python interface to libgphoto2 parser construction library with great error reporting in ruby. multimedia key support as a pygtk object broadway secure note taking desktop app for anime fans a plugin for blockdiag that provides shapes for networking ros - rqt_robot_dashboard provides an infrastructure for building robot dashboard plugins in rqt. simple puzzler (aka 'the final run') ros - rqt_publisher provides a gui plugin for publishing arbitrary messages with fixed or computed field values. a formal script for the web, from pablo impallari a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator, with osvr cross-hmd support firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - english (us) short unique id generator for postgresql, using hashids a virus named tom, a fast-paced action-puzzler (humble bundle version) doom 3 engine with native 64-bit support, sdl, and openal a library for counting the number of integer points in parametric and non-parametric polytopes c command line client for tldr a daemon that handles the userspace side of the lio tcm-user backstore. voxatron is an action/adventure game set in a world completely made of tiny cubes that can be blasted to smithereens windows gaming utils creating labels and business cards the very easy way - minimal dependencies pinball game that was originally made by lostboys for the dutch brewery dommelsch watch the web and get notified on updates parse string that represents time duration historical copy of the utility applications module of kde 1, adapted to compile on modern systems (circa. 2016) nero aac reference quality mpeg-4 and 3gpp audio codec fuzzy string matching like a boss collection of tools for producing html documents from bibtex-bibliographies a french male voice for the mbrola synthesizer a cross-platform, aesthetic, distraction-free markdown editor a general-purpose computer algebra system. a lightweight irc library (includes icat) a cd play that can be docked with afterstep and window maker cinelerra from the heroinewarrior.com (64-bit) additional configuration management drush commands for drupal, notably config-merge. meteorological ingest-processing package (mipp) a getopt-like processor of command-line flags. german language pack for openoffice.org - repackaged from upstream standalone web browser from mozilla.org - extended support release in zh_cn a simple zero-configuration command-line http server easy unit testing for node.js and the browser. visualon advanced audio coding (aac) encoder jammr lets you play with musicians over the internet cross stitch pattern designer. main library for englab, a mathematical platform android x86_64 system image, api-24 dynamic library to access udev device information (legacy) clean lightdm webkit2 greeter theme ros - ros console output library. perl extension to create simple calendars louvain algorithm for community detection (for use with python-igraph) starts i3 inside a gnome session. mssql module for php cross-tool-ng compiled gcc toolchain for the pi interactive viewer for graphviz dot files (git version) library and tools to access the virtual hard disk (vhd) image format retrieves malware directly from sources malc0de, malware black list, malware domain list, malware patrol, sacour.cn, vx vault, urlqery, and cleanmx a graphical threads-with-tags style, lightweight and fast, email client for notmuch, inspired by sup and others program robots / arduino without writing a single line of code finding errors using n-gram data, spanish text interface for versioning file stores. maithili language pack for firefox beta a simple editor for dolphin service menus guile-dbi database driver for sqlite version 3 gtk3 module for topmenu. client for billing system bgbilling 5.2 a minimalistic sddm greeter theme that features a milky way background, credential panel, session and layout manager. python client library for magnum tiling tabbed window manager designed with keyboard users in mind a karaoke and text codec for embedding in ogg (32-bit) russian translation for ultravnc viewer python module for handling exceptions - python 2.x pkg oauth plugin for httpie a tool for downloading fanfiction to ebook formats a gnome shell extension to cycle between wallpapers over time. supports gnome shell up to 3.22. ros - integration test suite based on roslaunch that is compatible with xunit frameworks. software for amateur radio weak-signal communication (jt9 and jt65) perl pragma to declare lexical compile-time constants a tool for building custom vagrant base boxes and virtual machine images. auto check archlinux package updates, popup notification if new updates available a photo manager with support for iptc keywords dropbox integration for pantheon-files gstreamer multimedia framework ugly plugins (mingw-w64) coverity scan build tool for c/c - requires manual download plugin for libpurple (pidgin, adium, etc) implementing omemo (using axolotl) a cross platform dual channel fft based acoustic analysis tool to help engineers analyze live professional sound systems using the transfer function. one feature is the ability to capture four sample plots, average them, and invert to aid in final eq. feed the beast offers many different styles of minecraft modpacks to the community, catering to all tastes. gimp plugin to create stereoscopic 3d anaglyph photos from a stereo pair a program to recover hfs file systems generate all necessary files to use adobe minion pro and adobe myriad pro with (pdf)latex. a bash-tool to store your private data inside a git repository perl interface to the blue midnight wish digest algorithm xo symbol font created considering trends of modern typography from «новые облачные технологии» a plugin to diff and merge two directories recursively clar's systemd configuration. medium interaction ssh honeypot designed to log brute force attacks and entire shell interaction highly configurable and lightweight x11 window manager signal protocol c library dead since 2004 perl interface to the internet relay chat protocol pluggable backup framework focusing on databases the only asana command line interface you'll ever need. toolkit for writing amazon alexa skills as web services. a simple factorio init script for linux the arcade oldschool fly and shot game a caching proxy specialized for package files. a web front-end for plexwatch. a fast compressor/decompressor library lattice diamond design software provides python scripting support for irssi command line chapter extractor for blu-ray disc provide core functions to autoboxed scalars, arrays and hashes. is a small jabber console client, includes features: ssl, pgp, muc, utf8 a non-backtracking nfa/dfa-based perl-compatible regex engine matching on large data streams. ata over ethernet tools a collection of german fortune cookie files a system load plugin for the xfce4 panel the heirloom documentation tools provide troff, nroff, and related utilities. control a construction company, and aim to drive the other players out of business. a self-hostable, simple and fast pastebin written in c cubesql is a relational database management system built on top of the sqlite database engine. kubernetes.io kubelet binary stun server and client test::pretty - plugin for prove show progress of long running tasks. gray variation of numix theme for cinnamon/gnome command line program for generating guitar chord music sheets from chordpro text files a micro-benchmarking library for ocaml utility that helps with local tcp ports managment. it can find an unused tcp localhost port and remember the association. linux cluster management console a python aur helper/library. (git version) libre nfc sdk and programmers api opencl- and cuda-compatible custom tripcode generator mod_perl-2 soap server 6model-based vm for nqp and rakudo perl6 free and highly customizable implementation of tetris ros - tutorials showing how to call into rviz internals from python scripts. library to partialy hash files simple, flexible, fun test framework. an effort to develop algorithms and enabling technologies within an object-oriented software framework for the solution of large-scale, complex multi-physics engineering and scientific problems. platform support library used by libcec and binary add-ons for kodi simple clone for fallout 3/nv terminal hacking in curses plymouth theme resembling the portal loading screen. an automatic theorem prover for smt problems. node.js api documentation. asio driver implementation for wine fluxbox menu icon tray a linux system call fuzz tester (git version) halo is an icon theme for linux desktops, the set is inspired by the latest flat design trend from alejandro camarena typescript-tools gui and command-line tools to manage teensy devices ros - this package provides messages and serializations / conversion for the octomap library. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j6910dw printer perl shell 'pep' module provides common listener for incoming pep events. simple cli diary a lightweight audio mixer which lets you control the audio volume through a tray icon python client for google cloud messaging for android (gcm) ros - this package provides a c interface for camera calibration information. tool to ripp audiobooks a portable, pure c implementation of the git core methods (mingw-w64) a windowmaker dockapp which shows the usage of each cpu in the system tool to convert nintendo 3ds ctr cart image files (cci, ".3ds") to the ctr importable archive format (cia). mussort is a simple tool that sorts a music collection simulator for the multics dps-8/m mainframe medit with the python bindings restored plymouth theme for arch linux inspired by kde breeze. a program to monitor x11/client conversations tool for formalized music score control. package for python 2 perl interface to the v8 javascript engine library for fingerprint readers (patched for vfs495 and other validity sensors using a proprietary daemon) convenient systems programming in haskell trove client binding the chef server works with the chef client as a central artifact store and distribution mechanism that manages scale, complexity, and safeguarding your systems. open source host-based intrusion detection system a really big wordlist with 670k entries, based on scowl. an advanced molecular editor based on qt nntp binary poster with mulitple connection support. helps with signal transformation for wekinator inputs. roguelike graphics/utility library. development version. amd's api for data parallel java. uses opencl terminal ui stress test and monitoring tool library for reading and writing a wide range of image, video, scientific, and volumetric data formats this is meera, a font belonging to a set of truetype and opentype fonts released under the gnu general public license for malayalam language. gtk frontend for anyremote. caleb's sile publishing toolkit perl sax 2 xs extension to expat parser fast numpy array functions written in cython go synth epc (rpc stack for emacs lisp) for python tools to work with ubuntu touch software for outdoor training planning and gpx-track-management post-processing tool for scanned sheets of paper. builds arch linux package repositories apache module for xsendfile header python module for lyra2re. a tool to passivly check for updates on seasons, for proxer.me a bridge hand viewer and editor with double dummy solver open-source node.js twitter client vbi capture and decoding library a node builder for opengl-based doom ports pgdp font with exaggerated clarity to aid proofreading snowflake is a pluggable transport that proxies traffic through temporary proxies using webrtc distributed emacs lisp for erlang. perl/cpan module text-multimarkdown-xs tool to manage and tune jack settings for optimum performance between networked machines. driver for the lightstone biometrics usb widget that ships with the journey to wild divine video game pure-perl ecmascript (javascript) engine a physics simulator program for education and fun (based on phun) x window system touchscreen calibrator display/remove duplicate bookmarks, empty folders or descriptions openjdk java 7 headless runtime environment api documentation for zendframework2 an improved dynamic tiling window manager ros - this package provides a set of simple math utilities to work with angles. a graphical user interface for ffmpeg aaronia ag - mcs spectrum analyzer software. a font based on gothic letters. pantheon geoclue2 agent a colorful? data dumper for perl6 a community-driven framework for managing your zsh configuration. includes 180 optional plugins and over 120 themes to spice up your morning, and an auto-update tool so that makes it easy to keep up with the latest updates from the community unsigned integer types extension for postgresql run a chromium profile or application a real-time strategy audio game a library for base58 encoding and decoding header files and scripts for building modules for linux-lts-apparmor3 kernel an interface for providing process table information a free, web-based media streamer and jukebox. ros - tutorials showing how to write plugins for rviz. lightweight volume and brightness notification for linux using volnoti example netctl profile for eduroam at fmfi uk (bratislava) a cli visualizer for mpd add what you are watching on plex to trakt.tv gtk3 patched with dudemanguy's fork of wfr's filechooser-icon-view patch. plugin for gkrellm with duck and fishs. cli application framework for python an audio/video sip voip phone and instant messenger written in java (formerly sip-communicator) perl made ide, highly customisable io:: interface for reading/writing a blob bat is a cli curl-like tool for humans inspired by httpie and written in go. a logging library based on the miniglog library found in ceres-solver (mingw-w64) aerospike management console (amc) is a web-based tool to monitor/manage an aerospike cluster a science-fiction action platformer (humble bundle version) a tool to synchronize installed packages across multiple machines i-score, an interactive sequencer for the intermedia arts support for logging in tn5250j kazakh language pack for firefox beta a fast xml/dom/xpath package for tcl written in c provides an easy way to set up hot corners in the xfce desktop environment terminal ui stress test and monitoring tool python sdk for the microsoft face api bonuspack 4: the christmas 2000 pack for unreal tournament. perl/cpan module json webtoken generate a full set of light, dark, and midtone masks as channels for your image the "compiler-rt" set of runtime libraries for clang and llvm helper scripts for use with the opkg package manager tidy module for php a html to text converter with utf-8 patch a conservative quake port parton showering, hadronization and detector simulation. iradit es un proyecto de software libre para el operador de radio. the original eurofurence font designed for headlines, signs, badges, inscriptions, et al. sonicwall ssl vpn client visualizing docker data a suite of tools compiling mdoc from the openbsd project a personal cloud you can hack, host and delete. a x standard colormap utility ros - controller to publish joint state. a small gui for viewing the mappings from minecraft obfuscated code names to mcp code names. tamil spellcheck dictionary for aspell simple xfwm4 and metacity-1 theme. theses themes use gtk themes colors to be adaptable on them. system san francisco font ros - the household_objects_database_msgs package. this application will disable a laptops touchpad when a usb is plugged in and display a notification to the user. parsers of different database search engines to percolator input format. xiate is a terminal emulator an implementation of the arc programming language. cryfs encrypts your files, so you can safely store them anywhere pixeled font from http://www.dafont.com gate developer is a development environment that provides a rich set of graphical interactive tools for the creation, measurement and maintenance of software components for processing human language. simple command-line snippet manager, written in go. yet another stepmania 5 theme with quads all over the place a simple python binding to the linux inotify file system event monitoring api posix ipc primitives (semaphores, shared memory and message queues) for python 2 ros - the diagnostic_analysis package can convert a log of diagnostics data into a series of csv files. postgresql background worker to capture data the imagemagick documentation (utilities manuals and libraries api, git version) a curses-based playlist manager and media player with vim-like keybindings. a nosql document database engine powered by go python high level configuration library graphical frontend to xbacklight for adjusting the display brightness file::sharedir returning path::class objects cd-player plugin which supports cd-text and cddb-database qt assistant for rigol ds1000 series scopes desktop annotation tool. gtk3 multi-pointer variant of original gromit utility. preprocessor for fortran strongloop controller cli raid-check script, config and cronjob for data scrubbing to be used with mdadm. brick viewer is a testing/flashing tool for tinkerforge brick(let)s sundtek driver plugin to use analog tv with tvheadend an iptables-based firewall for linux systems (with ipv6 support) ('lite' version) an open source sandbox game inspired by minecraft client library for openstack object storage api battery monitor dockapp for window maker that doesn't depend on hal the tiny init service for hypercontainer convert youtube videos in hq audio with mp3 format. application agent for working with file::keepass objects a tool for creating specialized resumes in a fast and easy libre caslon in display style, from pablo impallari produces cloud mask products for landsat data based on the cfmask algorithm. user-mode implementation of view-os. cpan/spread::messaging - a perl extension to the spread group communications toolkit an interactive white board that uses a free standard format a dynamic swap manager gobject-based multi-platform gui toolkit (legacy) linux d-bus message broker find rop gadgets in pe/elf/mach-o x86/x64 binaries protocol plugin (prpl) for libpurple, this plugin provide netsoul im protocol a free and open source, cross-platform, mplayer based multimedia player. qt5 build. dockapp mixer for oss or alsa fan control for dell laptops utils for image optimization, finding file dups, cleaning source. an easy to use, fast and flexible tile renderer and server for osm data. transparent user space implementation for the tcpcrypt tcp extensions configuration to advertise ssh & sftp via avahi a font designed by hirwen harendal and released by arkandis digital foundry (ttf version of otf-mintspirit) a third-party viewer for second life (c) (secondlife) and opensim (opensimulator) grids. ('vl' stands for virtual life, formerly known as 'cool sl viewer', binary) public ip address checker ros - this package contains the ros bindings for the tf2 library, for both python and c. none probabilistic programming in python. uses theano as a backend, supports nuts and advi. plugin for vapoursynth: genericfilters (git version) a configuration manager for arch linux single-file executable that provides a complete tcl and tk runtime neat epg-viewer for vdr dark & flat theme for aseprite archlinux logo theme for plymouth with a gnome(ish) flavour nexpy: a python gui to analyze nexus data next generation razer mouse configuration tool library that helps applications to read and write xspf playlists printer driver for lexmark z2420 x3650 x4630 x4650 x4690 x4950 x4975 x5070 x5075 x5630 x5650 x5690 x6650 x6675 x6690 x7675 and dell v305 v305w library for python 2 and 3 to communicate with the google chromecast. voice recordings for freeswitch stream movies from torrents. skip the downloads. launch, click, watch. repos of the original community edition. dahdi drivers for asterisk plex media server example gl app using kms/gbm a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the x86_64 architecture in the portable executable format. xx-net, a web proxy tool. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux kernel (git version) arsdk network control library rrootage is an abstract shooter, created by kenta cho and ported to linux by evil mr henry. scrolls the page smoothly when scrolling the mouse wheel biojava is an open-source project dedicated to providing a java framework for processing biological data a scss compiler for python software for blink(1) usb rgb led - git checkout let your system generate a maintenance notification rss liri browser bricscad is a cad program with autodesk dwg compatibility. an unofficial command line client for the yuml web app a mincho font for japanese molotov gives a streaming access to french tv channels. an advanced ham radio logger based on mysql database ( mariadb replaces mysql in repositories ). (binary version) tool to adjust the rpath or runpath of elf binaries debugging, in-system programming and boundary-scan testing for embedded target devices (git version) support for microsoft sidewinder x4 / x6 and logitech g105 / g710. medcoupling has been extracted from salome med module and distributed as a separate product. this allows external projects to benefit from direct usage of medcoupling library for operating on med files. a real-time audio visualization tool (animated, 3d): jack version user mode linux kernel and modules chm thumbnailer for gnome desktop numix cursor theme for linux dispatches messages to one or more outputs dockbarx theme mpssd and micctrl of intel® manycore platform software stack ros - this is a python wraper around the pano_core library (i think). moksha flame module built from git sources bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - generic abstration libs and tools for sql catalog tool to download rtmp streams (mingw-w64) notifier for octopi using qt5 libs a korean male voice for the mbrola synthesizer uses wifi signals and machine learning to predict where you are minimal identd server with customizable userid google's webrtc as static library pyotp is a python library for generating and verifying one-time passwords a zero-knowledge, cloud-based e-wallet / password manager powered by crypton. most comprehensive openssl module in the lua universe for lua 5.1 a rogue-like game with a 3d graphical front-end path::tiny types and coercions for moose and moo decorators for profiling/timing/tracing individual functions implementation of the home networking control protocol (hncp) and associated protocols cassandra cluster manager yet another z80 (cp/m) emulator the linux-lts310 kernel and modules - 3.10 longterm stable kernel hpgl stands for 'high performance geostatistics library'. the goal of this project is to provide free-to-use and modify high-perfomance geostatistical algorithms (such as kriging, cokriging, sequential simulation, etc). a free, open source power tool for working with messy data and improving it the linux kernel and modules with some game-centric improvements: added bfq disk scheduler, xpad.c from steamos kernel (no need to use steamos-xpad-dkms package) and setted up cpu frequency to 1000hz statistical computing library that aims to provide r-like experience in modern c a keyboard color management tool for alienware laptops (written in java with a c native library) fast translation from ltl formulas to buchi automata. stream piratebay movies directly from cli portable command line archive file manager (python2) business accounting software (server, client, sample company, help, tools) a fast paced 3d shoot-em-up based on tempest 2000 xs damerau levenshtein edit distance multitouch gesture recognizer sudo with a lot of extra insults shows the title of window when scrolled on the appmenu button. ros - most implementations (windows, posix, ...) have slightly different api for low level input-output functions. small framework for asynchrouns programming in python. it is a stripped down version of twisted's defer a set of python 2.x bindings for kde. un motor para hacer videojuegos de manera sencilla en python. an engine to make games in an easy way with python. userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat sova devices intel c for media runtime gpu kernel manager pgi compilers and tools (community edition) snowcrash parser harness yosembiance theme do maths like a normal person. binding for libixp q: what do you get from this fortune file? a: some funny, and some really cheesy jokes. performs a channel scans for dvb-t, dvb-c and dvb-s rudimentary qml compositor branched off qtwayland/examples/wayland/pure-qml vk-based messenger extension to ast that allow ast -> python code generation. imap(s)/pop3(s) server close active window. if desktop is active, logout. for panel-launcher. check offline site in a repository of github an experimental standard library for rust php pecl extension for reading rar archives using bundled unrar library source code analysis tool for clang, supporting c, c, and objective-c unofficial whatsapp web desktop client. build with electron. a high-throughput distributed messaging system a code search tool similar to ack, the_silver_searcher (ag) and ripgrep (rg). cartographic projections library the application, among other things, act as a graphical interface for the popular graphviz package. more generally, it is able to display the output of any text-based program that produces graphic files as output. map viewer for openstreetmap python wrapper for basic c implementation of kmeans fx2 firmware and the fpga bitstreams required for using the saleae logic16. unicode fonts for ancient scripts a command-line based markdown presentation tool samba winbind client library development branch of remacs, a fork of gnu emacs with components rewritten in rust a pylint plugin to analyze flask applications ifhp filter a linux client for slack standalone web browser from mozilla.org, developer edition - polish urw arial type1 fonts from ctan (for texlive) user manager transformation of structures made easy skype4py gyp can generate your projects. an advanced editor component which is used in numerous kde applications requiring a text editing component simple client for the spotify web api python logging handler for logstash a simple editor for markdown and restructuredtext markup languages. a full featured, high performance c futures implementation a dedicated game server daemon for playing monopoly-like board games icewind dale: enhanced edition is a classic rpg running through the spine of the world of the forgotten realms. gog version. linux native. c class libraries for network-centric, portable applications, complete edition user-agent generator relic is an efficient library for cryptography extact fields from a file or stdin complete, fast, accurate, free, game boy/game boy color/super game boy emulator for linux/unix. a portable implementation of the forth programming language written in ansi c mailnag gnome online accounts plugin tools for generating, visualizing, and analysing link communities in networks reference frontend for the libretro api (git-latest) coredns is a dns server that chains middleware an application for kde4 that searches and synchronizes two directories. python bindings for the libfprint fingerprinting library dartmouth is a fcitx theme. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine ros - rosgraph contains the rosgraph command-line tool, which prints information about the ros computation graph. an advanced xclock substitute perl module to determine the type of a mail folder a github-like contributions calendar, but locally, with all your git commits. tool to interact with the piv applet on a yubikey neo redis-backed asgi channel layer implementation emacs org mode infrastructure plugin for the catalyst imageplay is a rapid prototyping application for image processing a portable variant of the traditional unix shell, derived from opensolaris code. weechat plugins: nickserv handling, trigger commands on messages, command to send text/command to specific buffer digital forensics virtual file system (dfvfs) sqlite3 bindings for ocaml a lode runner clone. magic: the gathering double faced cards for magic set editor. kernel module allowing to switch dedicated graphics card on optimus laptops a simple replacement for xdg-open script-based movie editing with python2 (git version) clone of pdb, fast and with the remote debugging and attach features pam module for authentication using a smartcard linux system v init patched to use alternate inittab for openrc high fidelity is an open, decentralized virtual world using sensors to control avatars and dynamically assigned devices as servers. this provides the client, servers and dev tools. (git - master) jboss forge is the fastest way to build maven-based java ee projects, and anything else you fancy. enables keepass to encrypt databases using the twofish algorithm. cascading style sheets level 2 revision 1 (css 2.1) specification linux::distribution::packages - list all packages on various linux distributions standalone web browser from mozilla.org with global menu integration epson printer driver (xp-610, xp-710, xp-810) intelligent chinese phonetic input method a set of c and csh routines o query some databases located at cds or on mirrors over the network a set of broken cas' certificates which should not be trusted (wosign only) epson printer driver (stylus photo r3000) bundle library of emoji4unicode at google dc/os command line interface host kernel modules for virtualbox running under linux-mainline burrows-wheeler aligner maps low-divergent sequences against a large reference genome declare author-only dependencies uci compliant open source chess engine by fabien letouzey flexible field/token extraction udev rules to connect android devices to your linux box highly extensible ide force ssl in specified pages or modules automatically title-case headlines and title-texts. a proxy server for the last.fm radio streams that allows you to use your regular old audio player to listen to the last.fm streams spamhandler for zarafa xfce window manager w/ hover effect for inactive windows xml indexing and searching engine, fully supporting xquery gstreamer multimedia framework ffmpeg plugin (mingw-w64) high precision scientific calculator with support for physical units validate json an ncurses xmms2 client an open source clone of tetris attack based on sdl a solution to manage and supervise virtual machines. (central agent) tools and libraries sdk for managing resources on the google cloud platform (gcloud), plus python/php appengine sdk components droidsans, droidsans-bold,droidsansmono a set of suid tools for mounting 9p filesystems via v9fs. perl module that prodives list of sql reserved words ros - interface for using ros with the gazebo simulator. python3 port of the python-openid library software to help transcribe recorded music modern graphical system monitor, standalone version ruby modelling and generator framework springer templates for lncs proceedings (llncs), monographs (svmono), multiauthor volumes (svmult), journals (svjour3), and other lecture notes (svmultln) arcade-puzzle game nvidia drivers for linux-ck, 304xx legacy branch. fillinform with utf8 encoding automate your installation process pushing/popping patches to/from a stack on top of git, similar to quilt library for creating, signing and verification of digitally signed documents, according to xades and xml-dsig standards. extension for the tracing and troubleshooting tool for php scripts sedsed can debug, indent, tokenize and htmlize your sed scripts a program for h3c authentication in sysu east campus. a low latency, high throughput, native and distributed graph database a jack audio connection kit audio mastering interface structured logging for python a small utility library developed for openwrt containing a event loop, linked lists, blobmsg, stream buffer management, [...] header files and scripts to build modules for linux-rt-bfq. basic drop-down applications and scratchpad manager for awesome wm low-level library for implementing mac access authentication userspace daemon acting as a backend for fs-cache administer seh usb and parallel print servers streaming http uploads and multipart/form-data encoding compare response times of arch linux mirrors a script to convert .deb packages to arch linux packages, focused on accuracy. do not use it to convert packages that already exist on official repositories or can be built from aur! gtk theme from solus os and budgie desktop gnome display manager (a reimplementation of xdm) an open-source zelda-like 2d game engine used by the games zsxd and zsdx (development version) library that encapsulates the protocols used to communicate over isdn primary rate interfaces a platform to try out new language concepts and compiler technologies for scala join-calculus for python a php-based open source content management system python binding for ucto, an advanced tokenizer (for nlp) seznam.cz browser ros - metapackage for core of rosserial. simple ncurses ui for connman norwegian thesaurus find your home and other directories on any platform simple c pdb reader a tool to read-only the contents of smartcards a comprehensive standard library for ocaml blockchain-based marketplace for file storage solus icon theme. a good looking terminal emulator which mimics the old cathode display a build system and package manager for purescript projects. simple alacarte replacement, written on qt. gnome menu editor for systems with no gtk3 support a fast 3d gcode viewer for reprap-style 3d printers, in python and opengl. adaptive entropy coding library a tool for measuring a laptops power usage via the battery. spectrum analyzer for multiple sdr platforms (pyqtgraph based gui for soapy_power, rx_power, rtl_power, hackrf_sweep and other backends) a simple extension for displaying weather informations from several cities in gnome shell. a simple framework for building readers for gnu guile smart uri fetching/caching a simple image viewer that displays images directly in the terminal. wsgi server for circus the mozilla ldap java sdk use unar from unarchiver to extract archive files. xml-nodefilter perl module (generic xml::nodefilter class) draw into an x11::protocol qt-style wrapper for accounts service getting/pulling/cloning/updating many source dirs at once (scc urls: git, hg, svn) patcher for ips and bps files ros - controller to publish joint state. a car driving and car combat game based on the quake iii arena engine the libtpms library provides software emulation of a trusted platform module (tpm 1.2) forks and watches multiple instances of a program in the same context the knightos developer sdk a portable toolkit primarily used for speech recognition research a game where you play as gomez, a 2d creature living in what he believes is a 2d world debug your internet. mediainfo front-end based by fox toolkit sacred is a tool to configure, organize, log and reproduce computational experiments. an interactive shell for git backup and offline access for lastpass plugin for vapoursynth: lsmashsource (git version) architecture for building ocaml libraries and applications. ascii plotting, because matplotlib is too mainstream a static site generator for creating simple academic websites emulator of modern russian rpn programmable calculators mk-152, mk-161 series (the successor of mk-52,mk-61) ros - rqt_plot provides a gui plugin visualizing numeric values in a 2d plot using different plotting backends. a fork of minetest, an infiniminer/minecraft inspired game bitcoin command line tool finnish dictionary for libvoikko based spell checkers. the basic file, shell and text manipulation utilities of the gnu operating system with selinux support microsoft windows 10 korean truetype fonts screen saver and locker for the x window system, modified xmatrix with variable color. gameboy developers kit gnu tools arm embedded processors (binary distribution, includes newlib, does not include gdb) a weighted finite state transducer (wfst) library and associated command line tools. (mingw-w64) cluster engine for nodal communication systems with additional features for implementing high availability within applications. rotates system logs automatically cartographic projections library irc client daemon accepting json notification requests graphical tooling to edit and visualize uml models an internet radio player for linux brute force attack against wifi protected setup mod with pixie dust attack c language family frontend for llvm (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.4/) an rfc2629 (xml2rfc) generating backend for thomas leitner's kramdown markdown parser a virtual network service for openstack - cisco plugin agent enhanced psx emulator (32-bit) python module for working with steam's api craftbukkit & spigot minecraft servers a gtk color chooser with zoom. the sunpinyin engine for xim. sunpinyin is a statistical language model based pinyin ime by sun. soundcloud backupper configure your dotfile deployment with a dsl ssh-add helper that uses kwallet and kpassworddialog. compatible with kde 4.x a qt monitors the progress of computational chemistry calculations during runtime. ros - tutorials showing how to write plugins for rviz. thin wrapper for pandoc the swiss army knife of python web development (git python3 version) a dock app showing standard time, date and internet time a flat file database for json objects. usql is a universal command-line interface for sql databases map a directory hierarchy a flat, grey theme with transparent elements for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell. latest commit from the master branch on github. a auto-complete declaration for simplifying your .emacs an event driven meteor client companion for xfdesktop which randomly cycles through wallpapers without repeating them until all have been displayed once. c re-write of tablet notetaking app xournal modern graphical system monitor, lxpanel plugin package to bring powerful python editing to emacs. python library only. tool for measuring and analyzing runtime behavior of parallel programs. randomly choose an “interesting” flickr photo for desktop wallpaper python client library for reading server sent event streams. a better symbol library for geda. smaller, more consistent, and more readable. beaker is an experimental peer-to-peer web browser. it adds new apis for \ building hostless applications, while remaining compatible with the rest of the web high-performance intra-node mpi communication a command scheduler for shells gopenvpn is a simple graphical front-end for openvpn, the open source vpn solution. utilities for implementing a modified pre-order traversal tree in django. the linux multimedia studio (qt5 version). scala-mode for emacs, from the official scala github repository a dialogue compiler for infinity engine games (precompiled binary) script to show notification for a block device with mount option provides some useful color-management functions for the gimp a c library for generating non-uniform pseudorandom variates. script for ocr with tesseract and xsane xml-xcb protocol descriptions (mingw-w64) flightaware/mutability fork of dump1090, a simple mode s decoder for rtlsdr devices. a library to provide abstract access to various archives (development version) easy to use, linux based program for managing your geocaches nginx syntax highlight for vim (now included in extra/nginx) connect to the telegram cli, receive and send telegram messages. an experimental toolset for unity asset and asset bundle files. massively parallel self-organizing maps: accelerate training on multicore cpus, gpus, and clusters a base class for creating plugin-enabled objects a cython wrapping of the c cap'n proto serialization library mosix can manage linux clusters and multi-cluster private clouds. keccak-family hashing library minecraft patcher to fix textures with higher than default resolution a terminal 2048 written in c wmblob shows some blobs moving around dropbox icons for plasma 5 dark panels gtk clipboard manager mate document viewer (gtk3 version) x11 resource extension wire protocol - git version pyqt5 based appliaction for writing with markdown and designing with css printed documents. a transparent ftp proxy that optionally supports caching utility to control eizo monitors under linux unicode enabled rxvt-clone terminal emulator (urxvt) with fixed font spacing old cutecom, qt4 based, graphical serial terminal, with some improvements taken from patches not officially commited unified linux driver for samsung printers and scanners. provides an embedible "boxes and lines" graph editor in the form of a gtk widget a lightweight javascript interpreter designed for embedding in other software to extend them with scripting capabilities. secure internet live conferencing server vim highlights configuration files for logstash grobi automates applying xrandr profiles when outputs change ros - the hector_slam metapackage that installs hector_mapping and related packages. support library for python bindings various extra sceneries for crrcsim monitoring plugin for nagios, icinga etc. for snmp printers mplayer gui front-end with 3d/2d video playback support and with audio converter, media cutter and audio extractor tools client for the acme protocol. an object-oriented web-application framework for php projects tex live binaries (development version) roguelike game inspired by h.p. lovecraft black and green glossy theme for lxqt japanese-to-english dictionary software, command-line and web interface structured concurrency in c unity user manual and scripting api reference. an advanced doom port with vanilla compatibility simple c11 friendly header-only bindings to lua libre caslon in text style, from pablo impallari usb floppy controller for software preservation portuguese translation for ultravnc viewer bash reimplementation of parcimonie - refresh your gnupg keyring without disclosing your whole contact list to the world tomate plugin that shows the session progress in indicator a simple session locker galician hunspell dictionaries. rag/ilg normative cadquery module for freecad i3lock-color script: blurs background, adds lock icon and text with multihead support. aligns the frames of movies recorded on an electron microscope to reduce image blurring due to beam-induced motion a lord of the rings-based game for the minetest engine. documentation for python package 'prompt_toolkit'. implementation of lxc-ps for lxc 1.x and 2.x setup automated semver compliant package publishing adds a permanent advanced window list to irssi status bar satellite program to fetch images from himawari or discovr and set them as desktop. ros - single image rectification and color processing. run qt applications using gtk as a windowing system encourage perl::critic conformance over time. is typically used to manage process configuration looks for torrent files on different websites, and allows the user to filter the results. ros - actionlib_msgs defines the common messages to interact with an action server and an action client. clusterpy is a librery of spatially constrained clustering algorithms. lockfile implementation of various freedesktop.org standards, for internal use in xyne's modules. crontab module for read and writing crontab files and accessing the system cron automatically and simply using a direct api. etcd backed network fabric for containers a cloud service that lets you sync and share files anywhere. intel core and core 2 frequency and voltage modification utility haml perl implementation a gtk2 text editor font used for opensuse-branded material non-blocking system dns resolver a gtk2 bitmap font editor nextloud client for linux encrypted filesystem in user-space (without issue #214) font with icons for status bars provides a high level representation of java .class files in ocaml lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j5730dw printer php extension for accelerating (de)serialization of thrift's binary format (development version) extra lv2 ports of juce-based audio plugins using the distrho framework an elegant sans-serif font, designed in a single thin weight. fast and accurate sega genesis/mega drive emulator python framework for osm street network visualization a git wrapper so awesome, it should be illegal dawn's visual intersection debugger acoustid fingerprinter is a cross-platform gui application for submitting audio fingerprints generated by chromaprint. create, navigate and delete bookmarks in bash and zsh, using the fuzzy finder fzf a simple game where you fight evil record label representatives who want to radio edit your amazing single. a hierarchical pool based memory allocator with destructors a collection of freely re-usable autoconf macros fork of slingshot launcher without elementary dependencies daemon as interface to the eib / knx bus ros - smach is a task-level architecture for rapidly creating complex robot behavior. hacks to restart services on suspend php pecl extension for rrdtool system bindings postgresql database modeler monitor database for ddccontrol steam with simple wine wrapper a windowing toolkit for use with tcl natural scrolling application a stylish to-do list with built-in productivity timer. validate a meta.yml file within a cpan distribution. the fsleyes-props project is an event programming framework, which includes the ability for automatic cli generation and, optionally, automatic gui generation (if wxpython is present). it is used by fsleyes. the porter's handbook from the freebsd documentation project. embed video/sound (swf, mp4, flv, mp3) files in pdfs a better wechat on macos and linux. built with electron by zhongyi tong. ros - a framework for writing drivers that helps with runtime reconfiguration, diagnostics and self-test. perl css::inliner cpan module python 2 interface to word2vec. used for converting words into vectors for machine learning and deep learning help track git work in progress branches a ruby library to handle http cookies in a way both compliant with rfcs and compatible with today's major browsers. make next suck less python api for the browse feature of spotify a collection of routines used to create and manipulate mng format graphics files (32-bit) utility to manage luks keyfiles sealed by the tpm various utility functions a stream-oriented xml parser library written in c data collection and processing made easy bindings for the cloudstack api steam wrapper for common operations (git version) a module to auto-mount encfs directories on login scanse sweep lidar sdk the world's most popular open source irc bot. translucent theme for kde 4. this will be the successor of xenon customizable toolbar plugin for deadbeef music player. the gtk2 version. a graphical front-end for emulators with controller navigation. developed for the raspbery pi, but runs on most linux systems. assertion methods for those who like junit. overgod is a shoot em up space game a runtime heuristic to speed up the computation of accumulated shape probabilities anonymous peer-to-peer instant messaging. x11 personal keylogger daemon with statistical analysis. the open source modelica suite - openmodelica shell a simple smtp mail sender. encoder and decoder for extended json (ejson) as used in meteor and ddp. set touchpad state; includes udev on-mouse rule. a growing collection of board games. library for accessing ssh client services through c libraries (mingw-w64) now font numerical decomposition of real algebraic sets, based on the bertini homotopy continuation solver a tool to view and manage the in-kernel connection tracking state table from userspace kodi event clients (beta or rc versions) gptsync maintains an mbr partition table synchronised with a gpt partition table used as reference. an incomplete gcc build for building glibc with x32 abi support lua bindings for libsodium an enhanced quake 2 client and server a ncurse tool for viewing json files and displaying differences between json formatted data a serial port logger a console text editor for unix systems that you already know how to use ext2 filesystem libraries (x32 abi) a a small and non-intrusive translation library designed for small memory and non-gnu systems. (git version) sketching and gui prototyping/wireframing tool a computer program for typesetting music - production of high quality printed sheet music. x rendering extension client library (x32 abi) libmodplug compat layer/bridge to libopenmpt varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko library project for developers who would like to support popular graphics image formats (mingw-w64) the c api for memcached python 3 library that tries to guess a persons gender based on their name and location. instant messenger using libpurple and xulrunner message transfer agent with maximal-enabled features websocket client for python the client for atlassian stash/bitbucket server read information from an excel file. command-line utility for pcsensor foot switch comix x cursor theme for lefties oaklisp is a portable lisp interpreter / compiler for the oaklisp dialect of lisp. python capture agent for opencast a latex package for fitch-style proofs scan and change symbolic links gpu zcash equihash solver the sisiya client programs and checks. the rapid development framework for php ros - system-wide logging mechanism for messages sent to the /rosout topic. the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lalsimulation chinese lunar calendar widget for gtk the amdgpu pro opencl implementation an almost exact clone of ncmpc with some new features. patched for vim-like keybindings. megasync desktop app. (git version) an open-source c library developed and used at facebook ppd files for panasonic printers files to use a discovery 200 3d printer golang binary to emulate a limitlessled wifi bridge 4.0 unit. vim plugin to comment and un-comment lines in different source files a disc burning application for gnome lightweight gtk clipboard manager (fork of parcellite) a utility package to collect various icon fonts and propertize them within emacs. iptc keyword editor terminal drawing application acpi client - replacement for apm tool qttorch unofficial trello desktop app a deep learning framework made with expression, speed, and modularity in mind. uses cmake to build giving great flexibility. fluidsynth plugin for vlc a freeware, closed source, smart analysis tool networking with rf24 radio modules image assets and character information for emoji a plug-in framework for c programs that has been strongly inspired by the java plug-in framework in eclipse. surrealistic adventure game about exploring the dreams of a hikikomori character named madotsuki.also known as "dream diary". original ver(japanese). command line assembler for atmel avr microcontrollers with many extended features script to start firefox with temporary empty profile conversions to and from arbitrary character sets and utf8 switch hosts quickly! install ruby gems as arch linux packages trim adapters from high-throughput sequencing reads header files and scripts for building modules for linux-lts316 kernel font rasterization library (mingw-w64) fluxbox utility for creating and managing icons on a fluxbox desktop an application finder for xfce (git checkout) an interpreter for finding subtle bugs in programs written in standard c a visual tool for wiring the internet of things. a parallel short-read error corrector for illumina sequencing modules for thinkpad's smapi functionality, ck kernel subversion client written in python. a progress bar for python. tiny encryption algorithm ssh command with directory specification support a tool to explore combat mechanics in the popular mmo rpg world of warcraft (tm). multi-player event-driven simulator written in c that models raid damage. data pecl mysql - support mysql_* functions on php7 the linux kernel with tomoyo configuration completely free liero fork an object pooling library next generation of the python high-level scripting language (native msvc version) (mingw-w64) a bittorrent client aiming for efficiency, simplicity and high code quality an mpeg-4 and mpeg-2 aac encoder header files and scripts for building modules for linux kernel with amdgpu dc patches multi-threaded benchmark for evaluating os parameters for database-loads (git) typescript definition manager for definitelytyped provides formatting of xml documents (python3 version) gnutls26 library (current maintained debian version with .so-version 26) this is the multilib package. simple static gallery generator kiss player read a pod document as a series of trivial events the gnu compiler collection (4.7.x) library for picotech oscilloscope 3000 series common lisp ide for emacs. fork of slime. a bash based file uploader and url shortener for owo.whats-th.is software to decode apt and wefax signals from weather satellites a string template engine based on the django template system and written in qt4 python 2 library which wraps the argparse module to help write flexible cli applications virtual filesystem implementation for gio, nosystemd version (google drive backend) scriptcommunicator is a scriptable cross-platform data terminal with support for serial port (rs232, usb to serial), udp, tcp client/server (network proxy support for tcp clients), spi master (cheetah spi) clearlooks-flat-compact theme for gtk2, gtk3, metacity, and openbox dcled - userland driver for dream cheeky (dream link?) usb led message board a normaliser/beautifier for html that also understands embedded ruby. ideal for tidying up rails templates. a java swing form layout library a frontend for qpm, to provide source and build caching gui in qt5 of library for open chinese convert a plasmoid to quickly export some selected text in qr code secure audiodisc ripper a simple python client library for acme server that issues tls (aka ssl) certificates load caffe networks in torch7 a c library for reading, creating, and modifying zip archives ros - temporary package redirecting to c headers for urdf. a tool to attack multiple wep and wpa encrypted networks at the same time a fast json parsing and encoding support for lua. detect encoding of the current terminal simple and lightweight gtk calendar l2ork (linux laptop orchestra) version of puredata (git version) the ideal window manager for today's elegant and ascetic programmer python client for dnsimple domain registration and dns hosting gnome settings daemon gtksourceview3 syntax highlighting for fish shell scripts. automates voting on installed and uninstalled aur packages thinkpad hdaps opengl monitor lwp::useragent with simple caching mechanism command line log parser to aggregate fields and count occurences small pager for monsterwm which displays the number of desktops and number of windows on each desktop in a thin bar (last git pull) unclutter-xfixes is a rewrite of unclutter using the x11-xfixes extension. c implementation of reed-solomon coding perl6 on moarvm cms common module c-sharp bindings for libsoup2.4 a library which implements the client vnc protocol to control vnc servers. a linux port of raven game's old shooter, heretic (aka hacked heretic) vysor lets you view and control your android on your computer. easy peasy. tool for searching quassel logs from the commandline cloud storage service and file synchronization service, command line a fast preprocessor for c and c application to visualize the locations and physical properties of deep sky objects. plugin for thunar that adds context-menu items for dropbox. example netctl profile for eduroam at the university of utrecht lets you (currently) send/receive sms from your android phone to/from pidgin. turns ref() into a multimethod create core dumps of the running perl interpreter, without terminating ros - launch files to open an rgbd device and load all nodelets to convert raw depth/rgb/ir streams to depth images, disparity images, and (registered) point clouds. lightweight pacman proxy server ziftrcoin is an experimental new digital couponing system - daemon frostwire is a free and easy downloader, bittorrent client and media player droid sans mono for powerline (slashed zero) qt qpa platform for hybris very complete easy-to-use oo interface to dbi a program for applying patches that patch cannot apply because of conflicting changes a port of lightning's itg3 theme to stepmania 5 documentation for oracle java 8 development kit monospaced font based on terminus and tamsyn gaussian optics simulator ruby mail handler shane's chess information database crimson fields is a turn-based tactical war game. it can be played against a human opponent in hot-seat mode in front of the same machine, over a network, or via e-mail, or against the computer. opensees, a software framework for developing applications to simulate the performance of structural and geotechnical systems subjected to earthquakes micro (u) window manager files extractor and reimporter, archives and file formats parser, advanced tool for reversers and power users and much more. c library for bare metal systems (m68k-elf). this is a python library to use the gatt protocol for bluetooth le devices. it is a wrapper around the implementation used by gatttool in bluez package. it does not call other binaries to do its job :) base16 styles for pygments a simple shell script that surfaces clipboard history from clipster in rofi a small audio and midi framework part of the openbsd project dark desktop suite for xfce. viewer for farbfeld images. update linode dns records to point to local ipv4 and ipv6 addresses. a weather monitor plugin for gkrellm2 kitemviews tools for manipulating signed pe-coff binaries - git version qt 5 for android the vim like browser vim syntax highlighting for the brainfuck programming language cairo based composite manager - git version this is a gnome shell extension that reduces the horizontal spacing between status area icons (top-right of the panel: volume indicator, etc). a bioinformatics library library for encoding h264/avc video streams (all depths) (git) pacman health monitoring system a python library to create dxf r12 drawings. a software library containing blas functions written in opencl python 3 bindings for xapian expose a disk block device as a regular file (fuse) original library for soundfont compression. python bindings for pulseaudio type constraints and coercions for datetime objects batch rename utility generates cnc gcode from 2d pcb files (gerber/excellon/svg) professional workflow and raw conversion a zx80/zx81/z88, zx spectrum 16/48/128/2/2a and zx-uno emulator with ulaplus support a toolkit for tangible multi-touch surfaces a terminal irc client in c. flask-pymongo bridges flask and pymongo, so that you can use flask’s normal mechanisms to configure and connect to mongodb. resin.io command line interface ros - the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl) defines a tree structure to represent the kinematic and dynamic parameters of a robot mechanism. development version of blender audioprocessing library based on google's implementation of webrtc dovecot libsodium plugin for argon2 & scrypt hashing schemes acme (let's encrypt) client with nsupdate (ddns) integration. a small tool to interact with pb instances tool di firma e rinnovo online per i certificati digitali emessi da infocert s.p.a. it's a program to let the keyboard leds indicate cpu load. a 2d fantasy underwater action-adventure game (humble bundle version) the official jdbc driver (java library) for mariadb critique perl source code for best-practices. amd accelerated parallel processing (app) sdk, 3.0 with opencl 2.0 support. documentation znc push is a module for znc that will send notifications to multiple push notification services network time synchronization software, ntpd replacement python pump.io library a plugin for pidgin which displays the music track currently playing. cross platform remote gui for the transmission daemon voice recordings for freeswitch a tool to display ftrace (or perf) traces a translator library for raster geospatial data formats with curl and podofo (pdf) support a parallel graph partitioning library, built against mpich utility for fsharp project files flexible, screen-oriented mud client, for use with any type of mud simple feedreader client for web services like tiny tiny rss and others in the future on-screen ruler and measurement tools using efl python package that handles polygonal shapes in 2d linux containers from git system entries and intergration for oracle java a commandline player for sid music files - alsa version a volume keys control daemon for xfce using pulseaudio a lithuanian male voice for the mbrola synthesizer decompile lingvo lsd dictionary to dsl. java and maven components of guacamole intelligent and suckless replacement for xdg-open feedreader is a modern desktop application designed to complement existing web-based rss accounts. integrates multicast iptv transport streams seamlessly into vdr configurable selection menu based on dmenuv the reference net workshop - tablet plug-in ham radio - elecraft k2 cli-based rig control an icc profile for the hp spectre x360 with qhd screen (created on a spectre x360 4231 using a colormunki display colorimeter) xmodem protocol implementation computer algebra framework (currently alpha, install only if you know what you are doing) a library for arib std-b24, decoding jis 8 bit characters and parsing mpeg-ts stream. an api for creating parsers in javascript python interface to sendmail milter api ros - this package contains a c parser for the unified robot description format (urdf), which is an xml format for representing a robot model. output to lcd modules that are supported by lcdproc automatic license plate recognition library, current git master common files for icinga2 an implemenation of the dirac video codec in ansi c code (mingw-w64) open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. a boulder dash like game for consoles/terminals. level editor included. broadcom crystal hd library the gnome virtual file system personal manager for data memorization and structuring notes openbts transceiver retro-fit client for billing system bgbilling 7.0 this library can be used as a module for 'fog' or as a standalone provider to use powerdns dns services in applications. easy subclassing of non-moose classes a cross-platform software package for creating scientific plots compress responses in your flask app with gzip managing multiple terminal buffers in emacs. manage all your jetbrains projects and tools toolchain for arch arm builds via distcc on x86_64 slaves tv streaming server for linux a tool for examining the internals of a qt application and to some extent also manipulate it varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko an updated fork of nexuiz, a fast-paced multiplayer first-person shooter. encoding detector library ported from mozilla (mingw-w64) a collection of popular nepali fonts. preeti,himalaya,kantipur,sagarmatha etc . an extremely fast, intuitive mechanism for opening files and buffers with a minimal number of keystrokes a port of lurst's hr to c an xbox/xbox 360 gamepad driver - as alternative to the xpad-kernel module - with more configurability, runs in userspace and supports a multitude of controllers. bleeding edge version. arm compiler for kmd (komodo manchester debugger) ros - hector_geotiff_plugins contains plugins that extend geotiff maps generated by hector_geotiff. latest version of vertical shooter with upgrades to machine gun of a bomber fighter a rad environment based on basic that compiles native applications for windows, mac, linux, the web and now with 64bit and arm v2 (raspberry pi 2) support. explicitly declare encodings of your templates none ros - a simple viewer for ros image topics. a http/1.1 compliant http agent implementation based on httpcore sensitivity analysis library in python (numpy). contains sobol, morris, and fast methods. wysiwyg internet-draft nroff editor modern, private messenger. based on electron. acpi for perl a free/open-source, console-based replacement for pandora's flash player gnome thumbnailer for gimp xcf files. alpm front-end tools an aur helper. pkgbuild at https://github.com/gutenye/gutaur/tree/master/misc/aur varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko win32 implementation of wxwidgets api for gui (mingw-w64) pam module for using crpytographic tokens such as smart cards and usb crypto tokens for authentication watch a directory for changes us keyboard layout with level 3-4 æøå a server which provides an interface to a knx/eib installation roguelike graphics/utility library multipart mime (eml,mhtml,rf822) editor the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. libframe tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (tr) copy and move the selected area to a new layer in the same position. command line toolkit for working with arduino hardware emacs environment to hack in scheme a logfile monitoring tool with support for event correlation, written in perl sqlite-backed dictionary gui part of seadrive hieroglyph is an extension for sphinx which builds html5 slides from restructured text documents. library with common api for various gnome modules (legacy version) a near implementation of the java.util.properties api. apache sapi for php ros - rqt_py_console is a python gui plugin providing an interactive python console. perl module to read outlook .msg files disk protection for hp/dell machines. the command-line frontend to phabricator, commonly called arc allows installation of unofficial kodi addon repositories (from kodi wiki) a python mattermost driver bluecurve window borders for metacity c bindings for pango (32 bit, library only) ros - provides msgs, services and actions for stdr simulator. toolset to rip audiostreams, cut, fade in/out and tag the resulting audiofiles a bash script inspired by pentbox. bareftp a file transfer client supporting the ftp, ftps and sftp protocols the hg-git mercurial plugin a fast image processing library with low memory needs. a wrapper for the openweathermap api kernel headers for the zettabyte file system. the drupal console is a suite of tools that you run on a command line interface (cli) to generate boilerplate code and interact with a drupal 8 installation. pure python mysql client an exploratory research project investigating a variety of communications protocols provides the standard library of the single-assignment c programming language. a free cross-platform demotool for creating demos. (compatible with rpi) an interface to libffi which enables you to call c functions from pure and vice versa. meta package for sndtools, alsa version gnu/emacs major mode for editing execline scripts ham radio - xcvr control program - git version set hostname for main system inside initrd a python library cmus remote library smooth themes for gtk2 without the need for gtk1 ros - package modeling the build-time dependencies for generating language bindings of messages. node-webkit is an app runtime based on chromium and node.js. a rust version of ydcv. a fast arcade game based on fundamental law of bodies attraction api for misp. plasmoid for plasma 5. allowes advanced control of active window. a simpler interface to www::curl a robust, full-featured and open source out-of-the-box certification authority ros - usb video class camera driver. provides management of tv shows and/or anime, detects new episodes, links to downloader apps, and more. simple python library to deal with uri templates. a python api for accessing resources on a jenkins continuous-integration server. newrocker is a loud, harsh, screaming font, from pablo impallari lightweight clipboard manager for x epson printer driver (ep-704a) a more flexible debootstrap a plasma 5 plasmoid showing your gmail feed. mpnotifier is a lightweight client for mpd displaying a popup notification each time a new song is played a tiny and smart terminal player of douban.fm. plugin interface for media player features a library for reading vector images in microsoft's native windows metafile format (wmf) (32-bit) complete solution to record, convert and stream audio and video (same as official package except with libfdk-aac support) provides gui for generating images from latex equations a lightweight portal to your webapps dmenu interface for getting oath codes from a yubikey tool and file format for losslessly compressing jpegs a small userspace tool to change the axis and button mappings of joysticks and gamepads in linux make common modules ipv6 ready by hotpatching an open source efficient, cohesive and fun web framework for the crystal language a simple tar based incremental daily backup script based on systemd (now with email support!) an extension to flask for easy genshi templating. php backup script/library with special drivers for mysql, amazon rds and amazon s3. jack listener daemon (jack-sensing) the entertainment - kentucky route zero ppd files for ricoh's postscript printers, supplied by ricoh automatically comment and uncomment config file sections this project is an alternative implementation of the virtual machine, execute scripts in the language of the 1c:enterprise image processing tool to remove dust from picture scans emerald window decorator hacx iwad (game data) not pacman with physics recursively traverse directory containing media files (mp3, ogg, flac) and download album cover art ozon os default icon set gui for managing git and github. a flat style gtk&gnome-shell theme.based on flat-plat and adapta fast functions to convert between number bases class building as simple as it gets a simple virtual terminal emulator for x. pug's cli interface arx fatalis game data from official freeware demo (for use with arxlibertatis) glulxe is an interpreter for the glulx virtual machine. python wbem client and provider interface mobile device management plugin for zarafa webaccess plugin for qt-based multimedia player (qmmp) to search and play musics directly from youtube python library that makes manipulating urls simple. holland lvm snapshot backup plugin for mysql a virtual network service for openstack - metadata agent markdown previewer scalable datastore for metrics, events, and real-time analytics arms: the arch regular maintenance script kiofuse allows you to mount remote directories into the root hierarchy of your local file system, thereby exposing kde's advanced access capabilities (ssh, samba/windows, ftp, tar/gzip/bzip2, webdav, etc) to posix-compliant applications. a a caching / storing api proxy backing the wikimedia rest api view and repair stl files guten's cmdline utils. pkgbuild at https://github.com/gutenye/gututils/tree/master/misc/aur esp32 toolchain in-browser markdown editor python sql toolkit and object relational mapper documentation gstreamer multimedia framework (mingw-w64) ros - depthimage_to_laserscan. none java pdf bookmarks editor a pomodoro app that blocks distractions while you work. ros - control_msgs contains base messages and actions useful for controlling robots. gnu radio block for digital speech decoder (dsd) mkinitcpio hook to autoscale the rootfs to the size of the partition software solution for 3d printers perl keyword-simple cpan module grml's zsh setup. approximate nearest neighbor library. (mingw-w64) a workbench for visualization, analysis and storage of microarray data. sdl-based vectrex console emulator json web token and its family (json web signature, json web encryption and json web key) in ruby this package audits installed packages against known vulnerabilities. use after pacman -syu. slovak dictionary for aspell an lv2 plugin for broadband noise reduction. fast sql database server, community edition v5.5 a script to build kde software from kde's source repositories unpack and repack android backups manpages básicas del sistema traducidas al castellano a simple and light qt4 wm. 100% compatible with the ewmh and icccm standards. simple c/c file-based dependency manager dynamic window manager behaviour for vim accel-ppp ipoe kernel module sources complementary pairs of mappings for various common operations. fighting game featuring human assisted robots gtk3 customizable file manager with advanced unique features api that lets you read .mo-files and use their content just as you would do with gnus gettext trained language data for tesseract ocr engine create uml diagrams for the diagram creation program "dia" from an existing c source windows registry fuse filesystem relax to the soothing sounds of nature completion scripts for leiningen a binding of the gtk 3.x libraries for fortran 95/2003 ros - collection of cmake/make build tools primarily for ecl development itself, but also contains a few cmake modules useful outside of the ecl. a particle physics package for jet finding in pp and ee- collisions. an event notification library ros - a common repository for cmake modules which are not distributed with cmake but are commonly used by ros packages. easy communication with networkmanager free environment for regular expression testing a library that implements perl 5-style regular expressions (mingw-w64) 3d tetris, free adaptation of the original blockout dos game edited by california dreams in 1989 php pecl extension for an embedded lua interpreter extra artwork for griffith, the movie collection manager application a version of rtmpdump-git including numerous patches released by ksv. make firefox look and behave like vim faircoin qt official client draws python object reference graphs with graphviz python adb  fastboot implementation chinese lunar date library. a python binding for the hoedown markdown library. add-on package for the faenza icon theme to provide better xfce integration brother mfc-260c cups driver arsdk3 samples to control parrot devices a faenza monochromed style for lyx (it replaces default icons) matlab/octave to c transformer jconvolver is a convolution engine for jack, examples installed in /etc/jconvolver modules for c-icap server a easy way to control powersaving on your desktop. an opensource binaural-beat generator openstack dashboard framework for providing abstractions to get the developer's purposes fulfilled it connects to a x11 server and plays sound_file by gstreamer when the xkbbellnotify event occurs. {{mustache}} for r, logicless templating symbol editor for kxstitch chicken scheme egg: installation/setup shortcut routines allows python clients running on any operating system to provide ntlm authentication to a supporting server. cross-platform clipboard history applet perl package for handy and fast permutations with object oriented interface open a repo website (github, gitlab, bitbucket) in your browser this is full dropin replacement for llthreads library a library to integrate launchpad urls into the menus portoguese (portugal) language pack for pale moon browser nersc shifter: linux containers for hpc (with slurm support) a fuse-based file system for dynamic gstreamer-based transcoding easy-to-use network-speed testing a curses front-end for various audio players. a python library for building graphql schemas/types fast and easily gui toolkit for thinkpad laptops notifier for octopi without knotify yandex.disk keeps your files with you at all times. tools for creating ponies for cowsay and cowsay-like programs c-extensions for python; kivy-compatible version launch applications from interactive bash sessions a deployment tool written in php with support for popular frameworks out of the box. tool aimed at helping malware researchers to identify and classify malware samples jewish books program with hebrew & french translations arduino syntax files for vim python sdk for openstack/rackspace apis a generic and open source processor emulator. this is a stripped-down version for running on a headless server. contains x86_64 emulator only. command line tool manipulate and analyse climate model data. supported data formats are grib, netcdf, service, extra and ieg. there are more than 400 operators available. jinja2 mode for emacs generates a status bar to use with i3bar, dzen2 or xmobar (with mpd support). ruby binding for curses, ncurses, and pdcurses a tool to flash your nslu2 (slug) from a computer on a local network. (with openwrt patches) include files in ocaml code links for additional information on czech trains and railway stations, to be used with the timetable search engines by chaps. plugin for vapoursynth: vcmove toolchain for arch arm builds via distcc on x86_64 slaves c-class-library for easy access to databases (only sqlite support) a generic radius proxy that in addition to to usual radius udp transport, also supports tls (radsec), as well as radius over tcp and dtls an open-source software access controller tern plugin for vim free software based small form-factor inexpensive sdr (software defined radio). kotlin highlighting and indentation for neovim api for interacting with running rt-components and managing rtm-based systems using openrtm-aist ros - stereo_msgs contains messages specific to stereo processing, such as disparity images. doom port accurately reproducing the original dos exes. the rseg software package is aimed to analyze chip-seq data, especially for identifying genomic regions and their boundaries marked by diffusive histone modification markers, such as h3k36me3 and h3k27me3. gui morse code tutor (based on aldo) - koch & classic training modes. none an urxvt plugin to adjust the font size on the fly plugin for vapoursynth: hqdn3d (git version) policy analysis tools for selinux - libraries of setools3 for policycoreutils<2.6 the linux-ck-fbcondecor kernel and modules with the ck2 patchset featuring muqss cpu scheduler v0.160 and the fbcondecor framebuffer decoration support. ros - cross platform filesystem utilities (until c11 makes its way in). cross-platform user-friendly xlsx library for c14 a free lan game inspired by bomberman ground control station and firmware for brainfpv flight controller. static git page generator automatically apply roles at object creation time script to mount microsoft onedrive folder as a fuse filesystem driver for the xerox phaser 3040 post coverage information to coveralls.io a cross assembler for 6805, 6809, 68hc11, 6502, sunplus, 8051, z80, pic, avr and c166 automatic problem management with anonymous reports automatically track which applications you use and for how long low-level library for implementing mac access authentication tunnels tcp over udp packets. syntax file for jquery terminal-based application launcher for unix systems html5 compliant parsing library a small c library which makes it marginally neater to parse xml using libxml simple monitor script for use during development of a node.js app. validate data based on perl data structure templates windows 10 downloader a simple caldav-based todo manager. professional photo editing tools for everyone. various settings and changes for the panel in zorin desktop. a simple python client for pushbullet.com. gestionale aziendale. claude's tab window manager with full icccm/emwh support. tagutils - tag utilities (tag, taggings, tag list, etc.) super nintendo entertainment system cores base class for loading, manipulating and saving images a tale of love, life and friendship. a python soundscape tool tool for proxying client's announces to blocked rutracker servers code-aster web application construction kit written in python modern graphical system monitor, mate panel applet implements drivers for several smart card readers and pcsc lite downloadtool for one-click-hoster written in python. latest stable branch a large collection of beautiful opentype fonts covering the latin and greek scripts a free, open source, cross-platform video editor. a 2d game about building and maintaining factories - server version (stable branch) ros - rqt_tf_tree provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros tf frame tree. lpr, scanner and cups drivers for the brother mfc-9332cdw a collection of lpeg patterns for lua 5.3 orlite - extremely light weight sqlite-specific orm general purpose, light-weight customizable editor django-filter is a reusable django application for allowing users to filter querysets dynamically. old-school usenet news reader (with debian patches, nntp only) userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat kova[] devices ros - this package contains the ros bindings for the tf2 library, for both python and c. a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files (arm-frc-linux-gnueabi) smtp filter that allows you to check for viruses using the clamav anti-virus software. bitdefender's personal unix workstation antivirus batch converter from docbook sgml to nroff/troff man macros. it strips wm-drm protection from wmv/asf/wma files as well as video/audio streams. ring.cx is free software for universal communication which respects freedoms and privacy of its users (formerly known as sflphone) python interface to gbdes pixel map (astrometry) solutions git version of the postgresql database (includes both server and libs) personal todo/action manager inspired by gtd (getting things done) method by david allen. compatibility package that provides the background, media keys and mount helpers from gnome settings daemon 3.6 fast-odp (old-driver-protocol) command line tool, c implementation script for controlling mpd through rofi. lightweight toolbox for latex a command-line interface for mailman's administrative tasks. ocaml syntax extension to transform x |! f into f x library to write sql queries colorful kiss helper for git workspaces ldap schema for fusiondirectory community plugin peep show bbc sitcom fortune cookie file prototype is a javascript framework that aims to ease development of dynamic web applications. mysql client tools, v5.5 free unicode truetype fonts by george williams: caliban, caslon roman, cupola eiskaltdc: gtk2-based dc and adc client based on dcpp core ros - a python gui plugin for introspecting available ros message types. kodi dev files (master branch) small database generator for iriver h100/h300 devices based on libiriverdb. the oracle secure global desktop client allows you to connect to an oracle secure global desktop server. interface to true random number source random.org for r language convert between pipes and chunked files show calculated dd and pv examples for destination. joystick-aware screen waker. this program attempts to prevent screen blankers from activating while joysticks and other game controllers are in use. python3 lib to extract data from json and convert to csv libretro implementation of 2000 version of mame (0.37b5) (arcade) epson printer driver (px-405a, px-435a) simple cross-platform rcon client written in rust insignia icon theme by francisco villarroel wingpanel sound indicator epson image scan! plugin for epson scanners (workforce ds-30) a genetic algorithm guided formation of spaced dyads coupled with an em algorithm for motif discovery open source and cross-platform 3d fantasy mmorpg the command line toolkit for the amazon relational database service api video slow motion effect via interpolation the linux-macbook kernel and modules generic touchscreen calibration program for x.org decode obfuscated claws-mail passwords (see ~/.clawsmail/accountrc) easily switch between python2 and python3 ayam is a free 3d modelling environment for the renderman interface. ros - self_test. a self-contained, easily reusable library for parsing, manipulating, and generating uris a roguelike dungeon exploration game based on the writings of jrr tolkien (ncurses-only) a collection of unix/posix command line tools for processing xml files. perl/cpan module geo::coordinates::vandh an interpreted language with a focus on expressiveness and type safety a python library that converts cron expressions into human readable strings. minimal sinatra for perl6 nvm controller firmware update library from the intel thunderbolt software userspace free web photo album software and photo gallery software the gnu compiler collection (armv8l-linux-gnueabihf) designed by jan van krimpen in 1934 (otf), from pablo impallari ros - base dependencies and support libraries for ros. a prototyping & collaboration tool.墨刀/modao/mockingbot kernel module for taking block-level snapshots and incremental backups of linux block devices perl anyevent::cachedns cpan module a simple and lightweight time tracking solution for freelancers and consultants a simple gui frontend to make ddrescue (a command-line data recovery tool) easier to use. installs ruby, jruby, rubinius, maglev or mruby. kerberos authentication module for the apache http server perl interface to the window navigator construction kit adds syncthing web gui to applications menu high-end 3d animation package qml controls library from fx ros - qt_dotgraph provides helpers to work with dot graphs. a better git subtree helper command plasma 5.7 breeze sddm theme, with 24 hour time and smoother user images a simple and flexible audio effects processor, inspired by the classical magnetic tape delay systems db2 express-c an inotify-based file watching and job triggering command line utility a high-precision midi software synthesizer built around flexible phase modulation and oscillator sources an extensible and highly configurable alternative to redshift. a python vxi-11 driver for controlling instruments over ethernet. simple interface to query ntp servers from python opengl (es) 2.0 benchmark sha1 in perl 6 using nativecall openfabrics alliance neteffect ethernet cluster server libibverbs plug-in transform malbolge programs into their hell representation canon scanner driver (mg5200 series) the open source modelica suite - openmodelica notebook conversion between markup formats including scholarlymarkdown (no haskell libraries) high performance pptp/l2tp/pppoe/ipoe server iscan plugin for the epson gt-1500 scanner multithreaded version of giza, a statistical machine translation toolkit used to train word alignment models coffeescript syntax support for vim. google noto ttf fonts the stk is a (not so) small toolbox for kriging. its primary focus is on the interpolation/regression technique known as kriging, which is very closely related to splines and radial basis functions, and can be interpreted as a non-parametric bayesi [...] api & cli app for azlyrics.com additional spline functions. fork of lemonbar, with xft support and the ability to select monitor. spanish (chile) language pack for firefox beta read eval print loop for java python debug logging helper bcrypt hashing for flask gui tools based on osux-lib python module to generate and modify perf bspwm desktop management the average font powerful x86 virtualization for enterprise as well as home use. headless build (no gui, no java). suite of nonlinear differential/algebraic equation solvers library for management of audio recording profiles rfc2131 compliant dhcp client daemon. compiled without udev support (ergo, without a dependency on systemd). c bindings for vulkan a flat and light theme with a modern look and softer accents (gnome, openbox, unity, xfce) lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-7360n printer ros - camera_calibration allows easy calibration of monocular or stereo cameras using a checkerboard calibration target. ros - this empty package allows to export rosbag migration rule files without depending on rosbag. wolfenstein: enemy territory 2.60b compatible client/server (etlegacy engine) extra fonts released under revised arphic public license for non-profit use only save automatically the content in textarea tumblr tv screensaver h.264/avc reference software a very small, yet very fast http server for un*x systems a package of some useful 'functionnal' constructs for python dlib is a general purpose cross-platform c library designed using contract programming and modern c techniques. transparency information files for cps1, cps2 and neogeo games in the raine emulator serves blank html pages using node.js unified graphics benchmark based on dxbenchmark (directx) and glbenchmark (opengl es) kaos grey kdm-theme. a python library that is used for reading and writing kickstart files - python 2.x pkg chess game inspired by 'battle chess'. features full 3d graphics. takes an nzb input and removes all non-subtitle files. cli frontend to poppler-glib of pdf tools a featureful screenshot tool (formerly gscrot) a comprehensive suite of vst midi plugins instant markdown previews from vim in a browser python library to monitor and control user input devices libshout library plus some extensions for idjc. a perl interface to the twitter api english (uk) dictionary for wps office web user agent class for perl 6 parse a date/time string using the best method available proxy generator for magic: the gathering cards written in python using imagemagick iodine plugin for networkmanager type system for ruby supporting coercions, constraints and complex types like structs, value objects, enums etc. bosh command line interface tool ros - contains a node that rotates an image stream in a way that minimizes the angle between a vector in some arbitrary frame and a vector in the camera frame. an audio/video manager and front end for mpv/mplayer with special emphasis on anime collection a minimalistic clock for x mailgun parsing tools wxwidgets gtk3 toolkit (gnome/gstreamer free!) (32 bits) an alternate interface to the online adventure game 'kingdom of loathing'. stuff to build packages in virtual machines epson printer driver (stylus nx110, nx115, sx110, sx115, tx110, tx111, tx112, tx113, tx115, tx117, tx119) shadowsocks go version simple serial terminal emulator provides reading and writing routines for different biosignal data formats a shared, preloaded library that implements a trash can under linux a python module written in c to help digital signal processing script creation. a powerful cross-platform raw image processing program a library for building easy-to-use commandline tools. a my little pony themed arcade game with famous derpy hooves as main hero. module and command-line utility for factoring integers into primes. formerly called pyfac. a file differences/patches module for php a tool to patch dvd disc images for the sony playstation 2 game console to make them burnable and working with esr, an app for the playstation 2 made to play those burned games without swapping a cross-platform irc bot written in python fortune quotes from torchwood a slender monospace sans-serif and slab-serif typeface inspired by pragmata pro, m and pf din mono. fedora 19 (schroedinger cat) backgrounds. lightweight c library for web-applications development iptv program stream player for dmplayer an ldap user manager and password self-service webaapp. geographic information system (gis) that supports vector, raster & database formats; long term release a python package that provides interfaces to amazon web services, includes everything from the boto git type hints for python console version of the game "2048" the gnome terminal emulator with fedora patches git_remote_branch is a learning tool to ease the interaction with remote branches in simple situations. opentype text shaping engine (icu integration) epson printer driver (me-303, me-400, xp-300, xp-400) python module providing an easy way to pilot your openerp and odoo servers through rpc kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-lts-userns kernel thunar with split view, cursor audio preview and extra options for trash, desktop files and user actions oxygen cursor themes systemd client libraries with selinux support an advanced cross-platform solution for timing mechanical watches, a timegrapher. also known as tg-timer. free, lightweight image viewer shellcheck-static, but using the latest-commit builds maintained by the author a ridiculous space shooter with nice graphics (development version) a pvs (potentially visible set) builder specially designed to be used with opengl ports of the doom game engine. o autenticação.gov.pt é o mecanismo que permite utilizar o cartão de cidadão eficientemente e em segurança nos navegadores que suportem ou não plugins java generic ppd for pcl colour printers cross-platform configuration utilities for gnome patched pidgin-libnotify version for notify-osd fast multi-core tcp and websockets load generator. theshell session manager extremely simple exif editor ros - ros console output library. a privacy oriented firewall application (daemon & cli). the linux-lts44 kernel and modules transactional security and privacy-focused decentralized open source cryptocurrency (qt) is an interactive console program which monitors and displays squid logs in a nice fashion. javascript minifier set of html documentation for python 2.x with gnome devhelp support. bitstream is a set of c headers allowing a simpler access to binary structures such as specified by mpeg, dvb, ietf, smpte, ieee, scte, etc. fork of libstrophe (https://github.com/strophe/libstrophe) for use with profanity xmpp client a user-space anti-virus protected file system an easy-to-use and highly extensible irc bot framework (formerly willie) python library for parsing the nmea 0183 protocol (gps) mass ssh'er that allows for parallel execution of commands on remote systems a python just-in-time compiler for astrophysical computations a dark gtk2/gtk3 theme with sharp corners, which is designed for use in enlightenment and gives the elegant look of enlightenment to gtk widgets. w3: the wee weechat wrapper arch-audit digest sender a setuid-root program - provides restricted access to setuid-root commands, and a safe execution environment for scripts brother lpr and cups driver for hl-l2380dw improved driver for emi a2|6/a6|2m audio interfaces including newer firmware a tool to roll a user-defined dice sequence and display the result odbc modules for php openfabrics alliance infiniband performance benchmark for bandwidth and latency coherent pdf and smpdf to manipulate pdf files including merge, encrypt, decrypt, scale, crop, rotate, bookmarks, stamp, logos, page numbers convert text from a file or from stdin into sql table and query it instantly. uses sqlite as backend. the idea is to make sql into a tool on the command line or in scripts. python module for the hipack serialization format ros - kdl binding for tf2. qt program used to generate usdx songs from scratch general purpose malloc implementation centralized management system for ubiquiti unifi voip hardware a twisted-based python asynchronous controller library for tor a package for the numerical evaluation of integrals and tensor form factors entering the calculation of one-loop amplitudes with up to six external legs, written in fortran 95. modern and elegant http and rest framework for c chez scheme is an implementation of the revised6 report on scheme (r6rs) with numerous language and programming environment extensions. (threaded build) converts files between various character sets and usages (mingw-w64) compiler for the wip programming language driver for the brother dcp-j562dw wifi multifunctional printer card browser, library organizer, deck builder and tournament manager for magic the gathering card game a command line based audio file tagger a clone/engine-rewrite of the classic jump-and-run platformer cave story/doukutsu monogatari a high-level python web framework that encourages rapid development and clean design reliable subroutine attribute handlers lightweight program for storing and accessing location data published via mqtt (or http) by the owntracks apps. a free, open-source computer chess program developed by dr. robert m. (bob) hyatt a 2channel browser written in c using gtkmm generates random bytes and files from a seed awesome web-browsable web apis mcabber module to send service discovery requests neural network visualization toolkit for keras the python binding for sundown, a markdown parsing library. ocaml library for ipv4 address tools for working with the ofx (open financial exchange) file format simple static webserver and directory listing hellbent style for fluxbox ipelets from cgal a multiplatform, feature-rich screenwriting program .desktop launch files for common session operations (log out, shutdown, reboot) a cleaner/simpler alternative to xautolock for screen locking. a program for systematically recording words or expressions folder color switcher extension for nautilus, caja, and nemo ros - asynchronous web/websocket server in c. font rasterization library (from git) a conky-lua theme for 4 core cpu's ros - rqt_dep provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros dependency graph. qt package manager zx spectrum emulator. common interface for grammar checkers arp filtering utility a tool to measure a loudspeaker frequency response and distortions. python 2 library for mnemonic code for generating deterministic keys (implementation of bitcoin bip-0039) fedora 27 backgrounds. assembled tenforflow library for computation using data flow graphs on cpu. a library for computing the discrete fourier transform (dft) a python package for controling gpio pins, i2c and spi buses of the a20-olinuxino-micro from olimex a scientific program aimed at ab initio virtual experimentation emotion external binary executable players - development version search dna sequence databases for rna structure and sequence similarities using covariance models (cms) carla win32 bridge directory based enviroments upgrade notifier w/ aur support, watched (aur) packages, news commandline tool to upload pastes to stikked pastebins date conversion routines a library with sdr dsp primitives kannada language pack for firefox beta ros - roslang is a common package that all ros client libraries depend on. user-agent generator python library and cli tool for searching and downloading subtitles. (python3 version) speech recognition research toolkit a framework for bundlers, used by librarian-puppet. a port of the serialize and unserialize functions of php to python. a set of utilities for spectrum analyzer hardware including wi-spy devices. control center for vera a simple gtk application to demonstrate and test libfprint's capabilities program for time tracking a purple-based (pidgin) plugin for mattermost. multiple move files server for mednafen network game. perl aws::signature4 cpan module simple filesystem extension library for lua a jupyter kernel for octave the offical and always up-to-date player for all vgm files font rasterization library (including the old hinting engine) a small ssh askpass replacement written with gtk2 basic cryptographic facilities for lua. a parser for dhcpcd lease files (/var/lib/dhcpcd/dhcpcd*.leases) a set of fonts developed with improved readability for dyslexics in mind. thumbnails for django projectm test applications (git version) a higher-order effectful language designed for program verification alsa wrappers for python 3 (development version) moscow ml is a light-weight implementation of standard ml (sml) digitalocean synchronization (passwords, keys, networks) code up images, animation and interactions. uses python and pyglet, not java. takes simple descriptions of jenkins jobs in yaml or json format and uses them to configure jenkins gns3 network simulator. graphical user interface package. edit reviews from atlassian stash from mail client a modern and lightweight status bar for x window managers a pragma to use the c3 method resolution order algorithm download video and audio from yle areena. a command line tool to download and extract data from html/xml pages implementation of an icap server a simple gui configuration utility for light-locker commandline crc32, md5 and ed2k-based hashing script also capable of reading and creating sfv and md5 checksum files and generating ed2k links. 283 fonts from devanagarifonts.net a script that will help you update and manage your snort rules a shell front end for duplicity. it manages backup job settings in profiles and allows to batch execute commands. kernel modules for highpoint rocketraid 62x sata/6gbps card. backup tool leveraging btrfs for incremental backups. a fixed-width bitmap font forked from dina and proggy tiny ros - xacro (xml macros) xacro is an xml macro language. check the status of code repositories under a root directory print driver for epson alc1100 colour laser printer swedish hyphenation deduplicating backup program with compression and authenticated encryption highly configurable prompt builder for bash and zsh written in go high-performance, scalable ftp server a logic game based on the puzzle game sokoban. the official command-line client for ripe atlas info, html and pdf format of the zsh documentation implementations of common lang a gui tool to create backups of the memory contents of midi devices most comprehensive openssl module in the lua universe for lua 5.3 a frameless, low-footprint window manager designed for failsafe sessions cqrtest - linux contest log (git version) a voice chat application similar to teamspeak a drift-diffusion simulator for 1d semiconductor devices eclipse java language server fast, light & extensible irc client (ncurses ui) chapters editor written in bash electronic mailing list manager a disassembly library an arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant konsole color scheme c11 library for handling processes performant npm installations xml::mini - perl implementation of the xml::mini xml create/parse interface automate your installation process 389 directory server python library. (python3 version) utility for splitting openstreetmap maps into tiles. graphical viewer of phylogenetic trees fencing tournament management software rake is meant to dump assets (textures, animations, notecards, scripts, etc...) from either second life™ or opensim to your local hard-drive. rocm platform runtime: closed source components a work-in-progress implementation of a egl external platform library to add client-side wayland support - git official compiler of brain language hyper-v kvp daemon for arch linux facette is a software to display time series data from several various sources an api for ncurses/libgpm offering simple window creation and management to quickly create text interfaces. tint is not tetris(tm) ...at least the name isn't programming language supposed to run on top of jvm or clr or in browser as javascript the c micro services library provides a dynamic service registry and module system, partially based the osgi core release 5 specifications. lists hardware and approp modules linux gpio c2 bus master implementation style checker for sphinx (or other) rst documentation mp4 muxer and other tools. (git version) html documentation for postgresql extract packages easily hbci banking plugin for jameica. directed graph shell the mathematical components library for the coq system. czech and slovak fortune cookie files (red dwarf) scene-oriented, flexible 3d engine written in c (mingw-w64) a python wrapper for libspotify. the pygobject tutorial in html format. install private meteor packages this is an exif viewer, mainly for jpeg photos taken with a digital camera. it is an update of the 'exif browser' plugin from the old registry. it requires a recent version of libexif (tested with 0.6.16). remote desktop application a proof-of-stake based digital currency (git version) header files and scripts for building modules for linux-libre kernel a simple python2 tool for querying commandlinefu.com an extension to track progress of a file upload mass convert asd, flv, or wmv to mp4 contained x264 files using ffmpeg. louvain algorithm for community detection enable plack middleware via configuration drive a toy wood engine in many levels and collect all the coaches to win the sonatina symphonic orchestra by mattias westlund. (sf2 format) a modular and multi processing pass phrase cracking tool. render perl6 pod as markdown a midi monitor for linux using alsa sequencer use www::mechanize with cgi applications. command-line tool for hot add and hot remove scsi devices from your linux applet allowing separate configuration of pulseaudio mixers python3 library for working with the opentimestamps protocol a mix of faenza and flattr icon theme. zephyr variant. for kde4 and plasma 5. get a user's existing config directory, or copy in defaults the jamoma frameworks a 2d game inspired by lunar lander with sweet 70's style vector graphics the haskell tool stack (linked statically) scalable template engine for perl5 the modular galaxy image simulation toolkit ros - rqt_gui_cpp enables gui plugins to use the c client library for ros. a randomized fps dungeon crawler where players make their way through a colorful maze, while protecting themselves from aggressive creatures and malfunctioning security devices. (humble bundle version) hex editor. version before kf5 a chess interface to ics and chess engines kevin-ci: a simple-stupid self-hosted continuous integration service irc and icb client that runs under most unix platforms. a scientific software package for numerical computations parses so-called cue sheets and handles the parsed data (lib32) boolean operations on paths based on a super fast polygon clipper library by angus johnson. urxvt with patches to support 256 xresource colors and fixes for line/font spacing android arm eabi v7a system image, api-23 send sms for free through shell using google calendar api datastax php driver for apache cassandra lightweight performance tools corsair keyboard and mouse input driver, git master branch internet message parsers parallel virtual machine unit testing framework for ruby, based on xunit principles. ros - assorted shell commands for using ros with bash. a clone of the classic dos game scorched earth popular, blazing fast open source enterprise search platform from the apache lucene project props-activerecord - manage setting hierachies addon for database support (confdb, props model, etc.) meta package for all english fortunes lexically scoped subroutine wrappers a multiple arcade emulator focused on 680x0 machines like neocd and neo geo ros - this library contains wrappers for generating floating point values, integers, quaternions using boost libraries. compact language detector 2 c implementation of the client-side oma lwm2m protocol, uses mbedtls open source accounting application cli for the diesel crate tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (ru) runs firefox and other apps in a sandbox with limited access to the filesystem create maps for garmin gps devices from openstreetmap (osm) data. daemon that runs specified programs at scheduled times and related tools with selinux support midi interface for pure. ros - pcl (point cloud library) ros interface stack. api for sending cw (morse code) with k1el's usb devices firefox extension to customize, override or disable almost any shortcut jalali calendar is a small and portable free software library to manipulate date and time in jalali calendar system a high-performance intel 64 / amd64 compiler for c99, c 2003, fortran 90/95 and partial 2003 computer algebra system designed for fast computations in number theory web eid native component powerful client for individuals interested in streaming live radio shows a dav protocol implementation with kjobs a java recreation of the classic game robot odyssey c library for folia (format for linguistic annotation) terraform google provider implements an api to generate rfc-4122 style uuids a c library for easy and robust access of sql databases smith is a simple terminal-based text editor written in rust. fixed-size database that provides fast, reliable storage of numeric data over time. xorg x server - git self-contained c library for levenberg-marquardt least-squares minimization and curve fitting. a new lightweight, modular, and scalable deep learning framework (git version, cpu only) eclipse plugin for the development of applications in the lua programming language. varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko namecoin core headless p2p node ros - rosclean: cleanup filesystem resources (e.g. the linux kernel and modules with patches to enable gpu passthrough with kvm debhelper scripts for sphinx docs: sphinxdoc.pm latests mediawiki lts engine a simple, git-powered wiki, external library dependencies. the lumina desktop environment's file manager neovim plugin to browse the tags of the current file and get an overview of its structure qt-style client and server library wrapper for the wayland libraries kde screen management software portscan aims to check open and closed ports quickly. a c/qt client library for gpodder.net. git and qt5 version. mustache templates in pure bash active directory administration utility for unix a geometric sans serif font with a technological feel ham radio wefax/radiofax engine using x/gtk ros - libraries and examples for rosserial usage on arduino/avr platforms. opendaylight is leading the transformation to open sdn. ros - interface for enforcing joint limits. lv2 plugin host for pd, pd-extended version free daily cycle in which the parameters can save routes traveled by bicycle. simple linux utility for resource management (development version) cross-platform port of arx fatalis, a first-person fantasy rpg (executables only) a gui control utility for the clevo-xsm-wmi driver. collection of utility scripts navitconfigurator is an editor for configuring the open source navigation program navit. it supports android devices to test the result directly. an educational tool for designing and simulating digital logic circuits adaptation to sddm of archlinux-themes-kdm networkmanager vpn integration for openconnect symfony2 coding standard for php code sniffer. stream movies from torrents. skip the downloads. launch, click, watch. a program for turning a simple plain text markup into docbook xml. interactive educational multipurpose package to process and analyse gnss data control your timer slack provides access to weather information from the net (legacy version) sfml and csfml multimedia api. c and c binaries from ubuntu (including soil=0707), version 1.5repack1 ruby script to convert youtube videos to mp3 - experimental icelandic language pack for firefox beta zsh plugin manager in ansi c. decoding library for bmp and ico image file formats cython implementation of ordereddict a simple arm/x86(_64) static linker. parallel memory bandwidth benchmark / measurement the open xchange backend messaging extension. adds the feature to use messaging services to the backend installation. faust vst plugin examples hosts ladspa plugins in realtime objects suite of nonlinear differential/algebraic equation solvers (mingw-w64) add to gmpc an editor for song tags. chemtool without the stupid right justified help menu a golang port of peerflix. quetoo is a free first person shooter for mac, pc and linux. use truetype fonts in common lisp a personal http server for serving one-time-use shell scripts classes for qml and javascript languages (apple-darwin) romansh language pack for firefox beta handshake capture with aircrack-ng, test with pyrit, crack with john the ripper using self-builted wordlists. user mode linux kernel and modules implementation of the number field sieve (nfs) algorithm for factoring integers email bounce detectors an extension for nemo which allows encryption and decryption of openpgp files using gnupg. (without nautilus dependency) drush is a command line shell and unix scripting interface for drupal platform independent hotkey handling for gtk applications a java swing common library required by other jgoodies libraries a bunch of scripts and config files to coordinate mutt with external apps epub support for zathura a 2d tactics/strategy game where you evacuate civilians from zombie-infested cities. (humble bundle/store version) sacred is a tool to configure, organize, log and reproduce computational experiments. mac app, win app and linux app for irccloud. (an electron wrapper for irccloud.) basic operations on the space of numerical functions defined on the genome using lazy evaluators for flexibility and efficiency aard 2 dictionary - tool to work with slob (sorted list of blobs) dictionary files. a non-linear video editor for linux using the mlt video framework. kf5 frameworks (latest applications git version) webp library and conversion tools a free, open source, portable framework for opengl application development (mingw-w64) a daemon to handle acpi power button event on vdr systems a lightweight image browser and viewer (fork of gqview) the interval package for real-valued interval arithmetic allows one to evaluate functions over subsets of their domain. all results are verified, because interval computations automatically keep track of any errors. these concepts can be used to h [...] screen locker for theshell patched font mplus from nerd-fonts library python module to get stock data from the alpha vantage api. an integrated circuit simulator with a graphical user interface. (qt4 git version) the apple tv4 aerial screensaver for kodi realtek pci express wireless driver for use in newer kernels fast and lightweight ide wah!cade, front-end software for arcade cabinets for archvdr project!!! vdr-plugin to control rotor. you can also use it as a channelscanner. a re-usable xpath engine for dom-like trees perl/cpan module module::bundled::files: access files bundled with module a simple graphical viewer for (inherited) environment variables header files and scripts for building modules for linux-surfacepro3 kernel (git version) simple virtual terminal emulator for x with patches and easy configurable colorscheme minimalism wallpaper for kde plasma 5 this project aims to be a wordlist mutation with hormones c last.fm client for mpd command-line trace reader for lttng small device c compiler suite screen saver and locker for the x window system with arch linux branding evernote clone (formerly nevernote) usenext client for linux fully-featured word processor built with patronus grammar checker a fast, safe, thread-friendly alternative to backtracking regular expression engines, a c library. service files to activate kodi when the user starts a remote control app or connects to kodi's html control port. python library for netconf clients. your linux container is just one click away! wine qq international 2012 by deepin. a suite of tools for manipulating the metadata of the dm-thin device-mapper target - git checkout a pure python library for visualization of 1d to 4d data in an object oriented way a collection of libraries providing apis to netlink protocol based linux kernel interfaces translated to spanish version of birthday free, open-source uci chess engine, a derivative of fire 2.2 xtreme very thin theme for xfce to keep space for windows. gnome shell extension to add transparency to the osd program to configure the globalsat dg-100 gps data logger simple and minimalistic mopidy http client the html/css user interface library systemd service and user to run pmp in stand-alone mode xo symbol (macos) font created considering trends of modern typography from «новые облачные технологии» mqtt-spy is an open source desktop & command line utility intended to help you with monitoring activity on mqtt topics ros - mavros -- mavlink extendable communication node for ros with proxy for ground control station. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine zeroconf service advertising and discovery for pd source of information regarding anarchist (libertarian socialist) theory and practice. ros - this rqt plugin succeeds former dynamic_reconfigures gui (reconfigure_gui), and provides the way to view and edit the parameters that are accessible via dynamic_reconfigure. cross platform launcher for flightgear, based on qt5 a distributed issue tracking system based on git repositories, written in python. wind is window manager implements most parts of the icccm and ewmh/netwm standards a lighter launcher web backend for mapbbcode. open-xchange bash-style pipelining syntax for python generators. submit isrcs from disc to musicbrainz meta package for the group `base-devel` a multiuser clone of the famous microprose game of civilization useful documentation and guides from the freebsd documentation project. a dump of scripts that are used for fun/rice, as seen on tv^h^h the internet. launcher for the oldschool runescape toolkit the command-line interface for cabal and hackage. statically linked. perl module providing a way to write perl subroutines in c fuse filesystem that exposes environment variables as symbolic links script to automate the installation of nativefier (electron) web apps a user space tss for tpm 2.0 by ibm watches files and records, or triggers actions, when they change. a c template library providing many common graph algorithms meta-commands handler for postgres database. wxwidgets 2.8 common (gnome/gstreamer free!) the vxworks 6.3 headers caching pre-processor for fortran compilers fast plugins with instantiation a dna seqence motif finding programs kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-wave kernel bash script which automates the process of updating installed idos timetable browser related packages by reinstalling and thus fetching the newest version. lylibrary provides everything necessary to the books cataloguing, the loans management and the registration of the library readers. rapid alexa skills kit development for amazon echo devices in python. (python2 version) fuzzy finder implemented in python. matches partial string entries from a list of strings. plugin for vapoursynth: removedirtvs (git version) ros - assorted shell commands for using ros with bash. a point'n'click exploration game from the creators of machinarium (requires full copy of the game) small reusable bits of code a pure java library providing for lightweight and easy-to-use, yet powerful and elegant parsing of arbitrary input text based on parsing expression grammars (pegs) write end-to-end tests in node.js quickly and effortlessly that run against a selenium server. a smart wallpaper setter for multi-head x displays multiplatform gnu/gpl tesla pmd 85 emulator a debugger for zsh scripts. convert ansi (terminal) colours and attributes to html frequency driver for amd cpus with undervolting feature encoder/decoder for error code modeler format multisystem emulator by byuu c development layer for pure data deprecated rfcomm tool from bluez a /bin/ls replacement, aiming for a more helpful way of displaying files (by grouping, highlighting, filtering, annotating, etc.) pickledb is lightweight, fast, and simple database based on python’s own json module a library that makes it possible to implement a filesystem in a userspace program (32 bit) ttf tamil fonts from the tamil linux project. openpgp key exchange for humans zynaddsubfx with a new interactive ui an open-source clone of dropbox, written in c-sharp set of various toolkits xidle runs a program on x inactivity allows to configure your workspaces in a grid phylogenetic analysis with space/time models fast real-time large-dataset viewing and plotting tool for kde python library for multidimensional monte carlo integration an easy server administration frontend. visualising scientific landscapes aurulent sans is designed to be used as an interface font on free graphics servers such as x.org. generates cpan like pod pages ros - tutorials showing how to call into rviz internals from python scripts. an asynchronous python dns library using asyncio webtask command line interface one of the easiest 2d game libraries for c and python derivate of dejavu without characters listed as emoji, in order not to override color fonts none this is an electron client that uses web skype to better integrate with desktop environments found on linux. implementation of opencl 1.2 specifications targeting cpus nvidia drivers for linux-pae squash docker images to make them smaller python-based implementation of desktop notifications specification (notification-daemon) a cross-platform application and ui framework (apple-darwin) reference implementation of a wayland compositor modified for use with orbital a m17n keymap file for sinhala a free dance and rhythm game (was previously sm-ssc) package manager for .net. a virtual network service for openstack - metering plugin agent an xchat fork with a few different features deletes unneeded files to free disk space and maintain privacy. a wireless recon visualization tool to represent data gathered using kismet wrapper around the cgal library that intents to implement 2d and 3d operations on ogc standards models monospaced font with programming ligatures file type identification utility - git checkout it’s a neo-noir sci-fi adventure that will take you across the galaxy. id photo for documents gimp plugin mozilla extension to store passwords and form logins in gnome-keyring. libotr functionality in irssi. a simple but smart note-taking app convert text files to pdf an emule-like client for the ed2k and kademlia p2p networks. (only daemon, cli tools and webserver) library for ogre targeted to help create nice-looking atmospheric effects. customized bash environment, making git folders more friendly. perl clipboard module a gnome 3.12 and 3.14 application-overview folder configuration tool catalyst development tools bundle of all core development tools for the elm language. ros - this package contains a ros wrapper for openslams gmapping. msi keyboard light manager a cargo subcommand to profile binaries john cremona's large database of elliptic curves for sagemath arch silence - grub2 theme a minimalistic map generator for minecraft. a modern text processing language similar to awk in spirit. (but not similar in design philosophy, implementation or syntax.) an audio/video manager and front end for mpv/mplayer with special emphasis on anime collection based on pyqt4 optimization library perl package providing cache for compiled xml translators pam module providing afs session support generates modelines for videocards perl math::random::secure cpan module - cryptographically-secure, cross-platform replacement for rand() the python library tracing helps with logging debug messages. dark vim colorscheme for coders. supports gui and terminal modes. pycddlib is a python wrapper for komei fukuda's cddlib. a python language interface to fits formatted data files takes screenshots using webkit a tool for creating 3ds banners. time-series data visualization tool for influxdb mixer library for mate desktop (gtk3 version) a pure python library for visualization of 1d to 4d data in an object oriented way sets up default torch environment magic: the gathering m15 templates for magic set editor. easy dns via git generate simple tables in terminals from a nested list of strings. provides a dbix::class web service automagically subs to cleanup a filename and or garble for human eyes library for collision detection between two convex shapes. git version. qemu glusterfs block module a web framework for ruby. http protocol client library iconv implementation using win32 api (mingw-w64) blocks for django totally isolated tls unwrapping server runs lzma compression of different parts of an input file on multiple cores and processors simultaneously gelasio is designed to be metrics compatible with georgia a fixtures replacement based on thoughtbot's factory_girl for ruby. qt5 based irc-client, compiled without kde4 support - git version simple script to use shortcuts in terminal environment. level editor for hexcells firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - bengali (india) a powerful pacman frontend using qt5 libs serverless encrypted instant messenger with filesharing, chatgroups, e-mail. a simple yet powerful tray icon, using tp_smapi or acpi_call. pygtk ux lib a small python module for determining appropriate platform-specific dirs, e.g. a "user data dir". . the gnu compiler collection for the mips architecture a cli interface to tomboy and gnote a simple scriptable popup dialog to run on x strife port accurately reproducing the original dos exes. teach ->new to accept single, non-hashref arguments media player based on phonon library for srtp (secure realtime transport protocol) (mingw-w64) a service menu to put the path of a file or directory into the klipper queue extra imports and modules for qbs python library for solar physics a replacement for [c]at with automatic syntax highlighting a sega dreamcast emulator integrate onlyoffice documentserver into nextcloud nintendo entertaiment system emulator the gnu bombing utility (text game) batch converter of svg images to android vectordrawable xml resource files. automatic provisioning of dynamic dns. the snappy snappy web interface for your 3d printer! (virtualenv installation type) perl package providing toml parser sdl graphic primitives (psp) simple remote interface for the alsa mixer lighweight, barebone and almost dependency free daemon for freedns.afraid.org a small script for extracting files from unreal tournament umod intallers. gpib instrument support utilities freeware release of westwood's classic c&c: tiberian sun, with firestorm expansion (uses wine) mikachan japanese truetype fonts for x. a module for very simple, very easy gui programming in python lightdm qt5 client library 32bit xcb-util-wm additional models for crrcsim the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm eabi (bare-metal) target. inkscape driver for silhouette device a small, readable lisp with thorough unit tests and extensible functions/macros. draw images in your ansi terminal with true color mobile plugin and skin for roundcube movie thumbnailer (mtn) -- saves thumbnails (screenshots) of movie or video files to jpeg files. c library for generating pdf documents (mingw-w64) compiz fusion starter program composer and decomposer for doom, heretic, hexen, strife wad files show information about tv show's, ratings and so many cool fatures! mythtv panel indicator desktop version of the classic falling sand physics sandbox,simulates air pressure, velocity & heat! - static version ros - a multiplexer for command velocity inputs. adds read support for dbf files to agate a simple pong remake efficient tools for lidar processing. contains laslib, a c programming api for reading / writing lidar data stored in standard las format. input device management and event handling library (patched to fix bug #101796) sort lists naturally. open source 2400 bit/s speech codec dynamic tagging library for awesome window manager download and backup instagram photos shared by any user. ros - roscpp is a c implementation of ros. set process titles in python programs shell-centric mongodb management tool open robot control software is a tool to create real-time robotics applications using modular, run-time configurable software components (log4cpp) sorts pictures on how they look, not by their metadata brother hl-4150cdn cups printer driver a library to parse english textual date descriptions oacapture is a planetary imaging application using qt5 daemon scripts for aria2c. compiler and tools for the myrddin programming language. change the speed of you cdrom lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp585cw j is a modern, high-level, general-purpose, high-performance programming language .amf to .s3m converter daemon functionality for command-line version of x.flux for x a webkit-based, headless web client lightweight msgpack serializer and deserializer written in pure python code coverage tester for compiled programs, python scripts and shell scripts sops provides a simple plugin system for orca include plugins a pure-ruby implementation of the ssh2 client protocol. professional set of useful widgets for qt4 and qt5 framework for man-in-the-middle attacks. the little, spiffy, backup tool search through github issues for your project for existing issues about a ruby error. choose wm gui tool. run it from ~/.xsession or ~/.xinitrc. play/record audio files from the command-line (formats: sample, voc and wav) uci/usi/ucci to xboard adapter (winboard fork) termcolor python 3 library (improved fork) ocaml bindings for the soundtouch audio library an open source, gnu plus linux compatible alternative to the twitch launcher python bindings for iptables use datetime without needing to call constructors library to enable user space application programs to communicate with usb devices. 0.x branch. debian's binary. a statistical machine translation toolkit used to train word alignment models c11/c14 and opengl 2d/3d graphics engine (git version) an music application for owncloud a simple program to lock mouse in a defined area classy web-development dressed in a dsl a simple command line tool for generating bcrypted passwords. interactive process viewer with solarized and vim keybindings patch 'anydesk free' is an all-in-one software for remote support javascriptcore-3.0 for python (for use with webkitgtk-3.0) terminal-based remote package update manager, legacy version with original text based configuration a standalone gtk applet for hdaps disk protection status - formerly known as thinkhdaps a free image processing system toolkit for molecular simulation using high performance gpu code determines the monospace display width of a string easy sending of files, point-to-point high compression library jagged alliance 2 stracciatella project with a goal of improving ja2 simple authentication/authorization libraryfor the bottle and flask web frameworks. the sisiya daemon. cross-platform speed reading developed with qt base data for the flightgear flight simulator. a gnu social-compatible microblogging server qemu with full support for non x86 architectures. git version handdrawn imageset for simutrans an application intended to simulate common general chemistry laboratory exercises an ansi c library for accessing crystallographic binary and image-supporting files high precision swiss ephemeris developed by astrodienst. averia libre font client for the pandanet-igs go server http library for lua: supports http 1.0, 1.1, and 1.2; client and server. bulgarian dictionary for aspell c-base ceva font the digital chart of the world polygon data for the generic mapping tools. display mpd status on a lcdproc server pythonless package of a a tool for defining and running multi-container applications collection of shaders for libretro (git-latest) a deep space first-person shooter game in four spatial dimensions (gpl version, built from source) variant of breeze for lxqt a library to identify devices (phones, tablets) and their capabilities by parsing (browser/http) user agent strings modern graphical system monitor, appindicator plugin vim plugins management by delphinium simple creation of mock objects using the act, arrange, assert pattern oslo wsgi middleware library an image viewing and cataloging program for mate (gtk2 version) a linux/hal/udev/x11 driver for most non-wacom graphics pads bittorrent peer-to-peer protocol exiflow is a set of tools (command line and gui) to provide a complete digital photo workflow for unixes. lazy (non-standard) evaluation find memory cycles in objects prepare glossaries in latex. stupid simple password safe kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-covolunablu-gaming kernel disable illegal prototype warnings on old perls run commands as the currently-active x11 user while also using his dbus-session python bindings for linux spi access through spidev switch pulseaudio sink for all applications from the commandline. write mobile applications in scheme gtk 3 with typeahead feature enabled for the file chooser widget keyboard indicator and switcher dynamic x menu - with x, y, width, line height, and mouse support pyamg: algebraic multigrid solvers in python ros - packages for simulating jackal. display server abstraction layer for gamma ramps an rsync-like utility using boto's s3 and google storage interfaces. python package for interacting with a mediawiki wiki oml is a measurement library that allows to define measurement points inside applications the netbsd packages collection (pkgsrc) a tool for processing higher-order logic theory packages implementation of a web server that can export arbitrary command line tools to a web based terminal emulator stream mjpeg frames from a webcam via http plugins from picard-plugins repository (for picard-git/picard 2.0, currently in development) x.org alliance promotion video driver encfs gui and cli front-end a skeletal-based 3d character animation library varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko mime email <-> gnupg::interface interface zork iii adventure game (for infocom's z-code interpreter) grub2 gfxmenu theme. ocaml inline testing mingw clang wrapper (wclang) cross-platform amiga emulator based on uae/winuae (development version). a robust, high performance json parser and generator for r pyg package installer spawny with a efl greeter tool for providing auto completion data for nim source code a collection of polkit rules to manage automounting of removable media, suspend and hibernate actions and cpu frequency settings. a lightweight html renderer/editor widget for gtk2 ldap schema for fusiondirectory audit plugin cli gnu social client a modern reverse proxy magic: the gathering leveler cards for magic set editor. command to show character (unicode code point) frequency. this script create a backup of your config files in a tree format on current folder a table of number fields with bounded ramification and degree ≤6 trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a python library to read from and write to fits files. xep-0357: push notifications for prosody a qt front-end for mupen64plus provide a collection of methods to manipulate strings using various encodings (mingw-w64) gtk3 porting branch for terminal emulator that supports tabs and grids gtk3 amc est un ensemble d'utilitaires permettant de créer, gérer et corriger automatiquement des questionnaires à choix multiples (qcm) a non-linear video editor for linux using the mlt video framework. (development testing git version) provides information about the distributions' releases interact with your applications, virtual servers, containers, and other components in ibm bluemix. a bidirectional git - bazaar gateway an advanced, vanilla-compatible doom engine based on prboom library that allows a direct access to a usb ftdi2xx chip based device small system to administer web accounts for the sites and services across the kde desktop, including: google, facebook, owncloud, imap, jabber and others a tool to diagnose issues with power consumption and power management, git version refind boot manager - git version - built with gnu-efi libs deepin wine fonts a status monitor for window managers a free, cross-platform reimplementation of the classic bullfrog game 'syndicate' a more casual approach to creating and sending emails talkbox, a set of python modules for speech/signal processing. the cups printing system - client libraries and headers easy usb access from python fast and ultra-compatible nes/famicom emulator with sdl, opengl and svgalib support ultra flat icons - blue edition dbe sample datastax c/c driver for apache cassandra a library to provide pure ocaml functions to manipulate real file and filename. application, language, and network architecture agnostic web server go bindings for gtk3 api and commands for processing spir-v modules xdmcp query proxy file manager for liri os remove accents from a string gnome shell extension, workspaces to dock, transform gnome shell's overview workspaces into an intelligent dock. openpht is a community driven fork of plex home theater send content from console/file to github gist offical proxmark3 flasher a dbi wrapper and abstraction layer convert odt files to tex a self-hosted, web-based application for stream your music, everywhere plugin for vapoursynth: oyster (git version) this is a flat icon-theme gnome 3.10. the icons have colourful circular base with long shadow. a note taking application featuring markdown syntax perl/cpan module crypt::gcyrpt: perl interface to the gnu cryptographic library an easy interface to the bitcoin protocol and data structures a python module to parse ds9 and ciao region files simple, secure encryption and decryption for python 2.7 openbox logout script fork used by crunchbang convert wiki creole 1.0 markup to xhtml software synthesiser emulating pre-gm midi devices, such as the roland mt-32 spagyrik datenbank passiflora pidgin plugin to stop spam perl module providing routines for interpolating data sets cli program that launches streams from various streaming services in a custom video player (livestreamer fork) the pantheon watchdog python memory usage analyzer a fork of leveldb intended to meet the needs of hyperdex while remaining compatible with leveldb used by hyperdex rtags is a client/server application that indexes c/c code final fantasy 7 save editor a cross-platform application and ui framework (documentation) (5.1.x) a high-tech ttyrec player central pacman cache a utility to watch mailstores for changes and initiate mailbox syncs components for qt quick applications with material design jmespath terminal. rpgmaker vx runtime package ros - this package provides a recovery behavior for the navigation stack that attempts to clear space by reverting the costmaps used by the navigation stack to the static map outside of a given area. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a network extended command level clone of the plan 9 dump file system. c bayesian networks library the extended module player is a portable command-line module player that supports over 90 module formats (amiga, atari, ..) tool to convert pbf to osm a voice-over-ip phone a linux vst host using winelib a specialized packet sniffer designed for displaying and logging http traffic. a sar grapher written in java various extra foils for mse. this one is the oil foil gradient. ros - interface base class for controllers. ros - turtlesim is a tool made for teaching ros and ros packages. client program for finnish chip id cards module for sending mails with attachments through an smtp server build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) a lightweight display manager voice recordings for freeswitch format shell programs convert tex and latex to png images. adapta decorations for kwin (git version) ros - this package contains a set of messages that are used by the introspection interfaces for smach. easy-to-use framework for writing simple command-line applications in python unified sound menu indicator. convenience wrappers around carp::assert emulates the amstrad pcw on unix shell extension for project hamster - the gnome time tracker iterators for ocaml etc2comp is a command line tool that converts textures (e.g. bitmaps) into the etc2 format. library for java: unix sockets c wrappers for libnotify 20% cooler slim theme. video conference client ros - command to print aggregated diagnostic contents to the command line. send homebrew executables or zip archives to your modded wii over network elisa music player a tool to filter openstreetmap data files for specific tags. a color matching game ocaml library for http flexible framework for the c programming language to manage running programs a repl for torch create beautiful panoramas by stitching multiple photos automatically with autopano pro (beta) (trial version). modern graphical system monitor, lxpanel plugin a parser for python dependency files google search from command line simple indonesia<=>english dictionary lpr and cups driver for brother ql-720nw label printer an enhanced markdown editor with mathjax, flowchart & sequence-diagram support linux for chromebook pixel 2015 scan c language files for easily recognized constructs ros - rqt_service_caller provides a gui plugin for calling arbitrary services. plugin for squirrelmail. helps users add addresses to their address book from incoming and outgoing messages quickly and easily. 3d graphics using vrml breeze theme for plymouth atari st and amiga music player mate menu editing tool (gtk2 version) a dead simple tool to sign files and verify signatures. helper program for rox-filer that provides thumbnails for image and font files gaelic (scotland) language pack for firefox beta chinese simplified for firefox nightly postage - a fast replacement for pgadmin udev rules for the lego nxt an ocr engine that was developed at hp labs between 1985 and 1995 python module for easily managing persistent settings using an editable format and stored in an os-appropriate location. extensions to moosex::types::datetime integrated clustering, upstream sequence retrieval and motif sampling get cpu info with pure python 2 & 3 twitter client for linux gstreamer multimedia framework bad plugins (32-bit) simple plaintext presentation tool allows you to download or stream any iplayer programme from the bbc in h.264 (quicktime/mp4) format, any radio programmes in mp3 or realaudio format rtl8723bs wifi driver working on baytrail tablets. this driver uses an older codebase. kernel 4.12 will include a newer version survival analysis in python web based home automation gstreamer multimedia framework good plugins (gst-plugins-good, lib32) a clock dockapp (for windowmaker, openbox, afterstep, etc.) lua bindings for posix apis a 3d game engine by epic games which can be used non-commercially for free. ros - c/python utilities library for the world canvas framework. acts as client and provides scraped metadata for tvshows and movies from epgd a view on a given directory that splits large files into segments implemented as fuse file system. an additional filesystem that merges such segments into regular files is included as well. aur package by raansu, project by seiferma automatic start of other plug-ins on change or insertion of removable devices a free asynchronous dns resolver. simple client library for interacting with openstack clouds simple terminal interface for blocking websites via the /etc/hosts file. binary package. lollypop is a new gnome music playing application. pmd static source code analysis (java, xml, ...) plugin for eclipse ide remux/mux elementary streams, evo/vob/mpg, mkv/mka, mp4/mov, ts, m2ts to ts to m2ts, without re-encoding. can quickly generate your own blu-ray discs by processing your media files and converting them into streamable content. cli and gui all-in-one information and notification of new discovered bluetooth devices simple copypaste module for python common printer driver modules for cndrvcups-lb package, built from source rdesktop/xfreerdp frontend - git version open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. plugin for bazaar that aims to provide gtk interfaces to most bazaar operations. an unofficial library for querying the humble bundle api x-ray and neutron reflectivity fitting software qt based unix mame frontend. core files, included qchdman gui. (svn version) slick gtk 2/3 and gnome shell themes resembling the elementary look a hacker news command line interface ros - rosclean: cleanup filesystem resources (e.g. wolfenstein: enemy territory 2.60b compatible client/server (etlegacy mod, 32 bit) a wrapper for the minecraft that does not disable ipv6 this package enhances tk, adding support for many other image formats: bmp, xbm, xpm, gif, png, jpeg, tiff and postscript. universal ips patch create/apply utility fvwm module for tiling windows advanced hex viewer and binary structure exploration tool (visualizer) using kaitai struct ksy files a task management software based on the well-known gtd (getting things done) methodology. mattermost push notifications service fast, light, robust ethereum implementation pedestal theme pack for xde ros - control_msgs contains base messages and actions useful for controlling robots. boot animation for hybris system ruby-ffi bindings to sdl user mode linux utilities (debian package uml-utilities). it contains uml_net, uml_mconsole, uml_switch, tunctl, … and the lib port-helper. high precision swiss ephemeris developed by astrodienst (fixstars). the pcre backend to accompany regex-base, with bundled code a small program to count frames in raw vc-1, mpeg-4 asp and mpeg-4 avc streams torch-7 ffi bindings for nvidia cudnn use colorschemes written for gvim in color terminals menhir is a lr(1) parser generator for the ocaml. switchboard applications plug utf-8 with c in a portable way cli utility to find duplicate files upse: the unix playstation sound emulator (kode54's fork) use modifier pressed/released solo as another key/chord, e.g. capslock > escape check pidfile advanced shell script for encoding dvds or video files to the h.264 format using the encoding utility mencoder from mplayer. a cross-platform application and ui framework (32-bit) an interactive source separation (e.g. vocal removal) editor data acquisition library for packet i/o. network utility for sending / receiving tcp and udp packets an advanced system monitor for x based on torsmo with lua and nvidia enabled jupyter kernel for sagemath mkinitcpio hook that adds gnupg and smartcard support to fde russian language pack for openoffice.org free command line video decoding, encoding and filtering tool intel's vulkan mesa driver (32-bit) - non-libglvnd version a python library for sorted collections. all-in-one app to secure, manage and exchange blockchain assets web-based open source business apps a property editing framework with editor widget similar to what is known from qt designer. (git version) stretch functions for sdl kde menu editor console-based audio visualizer for alsa a programmer's typeface. d2coding fixed width truetype fonts a tiff based interchange format for georeferenced raster imagery (mingw-w64) celestia addon: extrasolar: stars: 2010 exoplanets ii vamox ceibo icon theme. unigine benchmark ambiance blue is a bluish variant of the ambiance theme compatible with both gnome shell and unity. a video grabber for arte catch up tv - qt4 version a gtk2, gtk3, metacity window border theme. works on mate, cinnamon for sure, and probably xfce ros - conversion functions between: - eigen and kdl - eigen and geometry_msgs. split flac/ape/wv/wav  cue sheet into separate tracks. osmocom core library lifehacker.com's todo.sh script for maintaining a todo.txt file ros - some basic robot controllers for use with robot_controllers_interface. header files and scripts for building modules for cloudabi-linux kernel network monitor for dns-sd services (zeroconf) expert guide, a norton guide reader for gnu/linux ghost desktop is a beautiful desktop application that allows you to easily manage multiple ghost blogs and work without distractions. a fast web browser made in c14 with qt5.7 russian-specific string utils a gtk front-end for the xi editor plugin for vapoursynth: fixtelecinedfades (git version) command line oriented, sqlite powered, todo list webkit ported to the enlightenment foundation libraries - development version runtime library replacement for gnat fuse filesystem that chunks files up. a gui for the static website generator jekyll. format-agnostic tabular data library (xls, json, yaml, csv) useful base class for deriving other modules librasterlite2 is an open source library that stores and retrieves huge raster coverages using a spatialite dbms. fortune quotes from lost libpurple plug-in supporting microblog services like twitter. fortune quotes from dexter plugin for vapoursynth: eedi3cl (git version) xep-0280: message carbons shared libraries for gsm 06.10 lossy speech compression nonblocking async c client library for memcached and membase (git version)(benchmark suite) mifare classic offline cracker complimentary package for users who have donated to polo or contributed in other ways such as translations, code changes, etc. pick. a colour picker that remembers where you picked colours from command line tool to interact with a running moolticute daemon fontlib :: a library to read, parse, export and make subsets of different types of font files. asteroids-type game with sound and 3d objects common files of hets frontend for sdlmame/sdlmess based on mame plus! a simple bash script that mimics some of sudo's features animating worms for progress bars django-leaflet allows you to use leaflet in your django projects. this extension adds a refresh button to the wifi connection selection dialog to request for a network scan manually. a modern file manager for power users. beautiful, fast and extensible a linkable library for git tools for manipulating vtk files in python python datetimes made easy moksha share module built from git sources meta project to build libraries from the brotli source code imap and maildir mailbox synchronizer a library containing some useful fortran routines html5 desktop shell from blankon projects benchmarking tool for opengl games (frame info, logs, steam support) a utility for local/remote mirroring and incremental backups unprivileged sandboxing tool a free software for vedic and western astrology a python trash manager. a gnome shell extension that provides integration with pidgin. atom is a hackable text editor for the 21st century built on electron - precompiled binary from official repository gtk2 implementation of wxwidgets api for gui gstreamer libav plugin (32-bit) test new code against old a top-down simultaneous-turn-based tactical combat game (humble bundle version) faking a linux standard base runtime a terminal emulator used for telnet-based bbs, with telnet and ssh support century gothic ttf typeface library and tools to access the volume shadow snapshot (vss) format an interpreter for 010 template scripts. a lightweight utility to switch the windows or desktops on top of any compatible window manager like fluxbox, blackbox or openbox freepascal version of alglib, a numerical analysis and data processing library va-api implementation for intel g45 and hd graphics family. arm compliant. meanwhile libraries an object-oriented language for quick and easy programming efficient tools for analyzing and simulating large-scale single-cell data tetris attack-like puzzle game a tool for algorithmic differentiation (ad) and taylor polynomial approximations. server daemon for communication between client and openbazaar network (latest devel version) dragonfly bsd mail transport agent jack audio session manager from the non daw enable libaacs emulation from makemkv celestia addon: spacecraft: other: ulysses fast and reliable ftp, ftps and sftp client (mingw-w64, svn version) an ispell compatible front-end for spell-checking modules client program to transmit local keyboard events over bluetooth. chroot, mount --bind, and binfmt_misc without privilege/setup a free stand-alone ini file parsing library written in portable ansi c server for the popular card game mau mau - common library sbl greek biblical font. c matrix library extended http(s) connections c/c/java sdk for creating and publishing extracts to a tableau server complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mg6300 series a 2d mmorpg that's all about grinding and doing chores. a free distributed version control system a modern and intuitive terminal-based text editor a c/c program reducer kemoticons a set of drivers, libraries, utilities and analysis software for atm and pos ocx monitors and pcap interfaces bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - devel headers dahdi tools for asterisk (digium, openvox, allo and yeastar cards) ssh brute force attack blocker owned king of callahach! it's been twenty years since your father saved the world by entrapping the evil sorcerer sanwe. now the spell is waning. sanwe's malevolent force will soon consume the land, and only you can stop him. yet another part-of-speech and morphological analyzer. open source computer vision library (no xine/ffmpeg dependency, uses gstreamer) xdebug profiling web frontend in php. python client library for murano additional support for proprietary codecs for opera-beta a python wrapper of the c libtiff library a pythonic dependency injection library wrapper around su which will transfer your x credentials a small sample cross-platform networking library (version 2) (mingw-w64) a public domain font based on frederic goudy’s kennerley oldstyle. ros - this package allows you to publish the state of a robot to tf. a perl utility that updates opendns dns-o-matic, and is simpler than inyadn accedi gratuitamente a una ricca proposta di contenuti multimediali, libri digitali, strumenti di lavoro per insegnare e per apprendere. ros - roslang is a common package that all ros client libraries depend on. vim syntax for vimperator files home library with lib.rus.ec site support game controller mapping generator ksvnupdater is a utility oriented kde translation teams. through it you can have various local copies of repository, generating projects for lokalize, checks and corrections using pology and more. arsdk discovery and connection management layer restructuredtext to html5  bootstrap css graphics tool to make 3d structures from sets of rules, similar to context free. the pantheon screenshot tool an xmpp library written for python 3.4 (sleekxmpp asyncio fork) open source re-implementation of roller coaster tycoon 2 (requires full copy of the game) tiny option parser for perl6 a dns for local development utilities for working with excel files bdd, python style. spatialite-gui is an open source graphical user interface (gui) tool supporting spatialite. a package for efficiently computing 2-point and 3-point correlation functions an open, royalty-free video coding format designed for video transmissions over the internet boolector is an efficient smt solver for the quantifier-free theory of bit-vectors in combination with the quantifier-free extensional theory of arrays. a small utility to compare rust micro-benchmarks ros - 3d interactive marker communication library for rviz and similar tools. small-scale alerting daemon ocaml bindings for mysql high precision swiss ephemeris developed by astrodienst (1200 ad - 1799 ad). helper for enabling better steam integration on linux firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - czech a netcat clone with tls support nethack variant super lotsa added stuff hack - extended magic a package of latex classes for inf/ufrgs a gui client application for downloading installing and playing americas army 2.5 simple script to remove the first page of a pdf oslo concurrency library a small and lightweight text editor. x-apps project. gujrati fonts ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. a toplevel for ocaml that supports completion, colors, and parenthesis matching ofxparse is a parser for open financial exchange (.ofx) format files. gui to manage devices connected a nut server cli program for lsi megaraid cards, also works with some dell perc raid cards (successor to megaraid-cli) minecraft mapping and rendering tool wifi icons inspired by material icons multi-platform memory debugging library (detect unintended memory access) a few sky critters ported from other mob-frameworks to mobs-redo secure decred wallet daemon written in go removes the headache of applications matching into a simple dbus daemon and c wrapper library an open-source can monitor wine prefix manager with some libs around it written for posix shells and in some parts for bash shell simplify access to xrandr and be able to quickly expand your desktop semi-automatic downloader for album cover images for your music collection. takes mixed encoding input and produces utf-8 output holy quran - ksu electronic moshaf project view directdraw surface textures in nautilus and nemo. simple single button lirc-aware shut down timer with an osd amd codexl is an opencl, vulkan and opengl debugger and profiler, with static opencl kernel analyzer. it supports opencl 2.0 control the backlight for coolmaster dominator keyboards meta package to satisfy dependencies for jasper's flite tts engine. fancy widgets, popups and signals for awesome wm ros - this package contains a class for converting from a 2d laser scan as defined by sensor_msgs/laserscan into a point cloud as defined by sensor_msgs/pointcloud or sensor_msgs/pointcloud2. a word processor for processing words. simple linux multithread benchmarking tool the stribog hash function, developed by the federal security service (fsb) and infoteks enable/disable sites on nginx anti-forensic information splitter scrape search engine results ros - qt_gui provides the infrastructure for an integrated graphical user interface based on qt. edited version of the flat-plat gnome shell theme ros - meta package that contains all essential package of moveit!. a session manager for xfce a better cat, supporting http and hex dumping this module was written to encourage usage of end-to-end encryption for chat and muc messages. limoo is multiplatform and modern image viewer, focused on better user interface... newlisp editing mode for emacs chess client written entirely in emacs lisp os x cross toolchain for linux, freebsd and netbsd mkinitcpio hook for two-factor authentication using a pgp smartcard and gnupg jack and alsa perceptual analyser is a 'perceptual' or 'psychoacoustic' audio spectrum analyser. a libre desktop osc bi-directionnal control surface application a javascript minifier written in python corporate-design for latex from technische universität darmstadt ros - ros_tutorials contains packages that demonstrate various features of ros, as well as support packages which help demonstrate those features. clipboard management system a linux ssh application. a virtual network service for openstack - embrane plugin portable library for real-time communications a virtual network service for openstack - dhcp agent unified linux driver for samsung printers and scanners. esperanto language pack for firefox beta a small console locking program libaosd (atheme osd) with xinerama support and aosd_cat enhancements a command language and shell based on python xinput enable/disable toggler a perl module for parsing xml encoding maps. qt5 graphical client for music player daemon (mpd) - git version. intel hda driver fix for the asus n551jx laptop external subwoofer beautiful doubanfm player based on qt5 converts web documents (html, css, svg, ...) to pdf. a multi-platform helm simulator apply roles to a class related to yours oslo concurrency library a minecraft-compatible multiplayer game server that is written in c and designed to be efficient with memory and cpu, as well as having a flexible lua plugin api. it is compatible with the vanilla minecraft client. an experimental peer-to-peer routing system simple logfile clustering tool gem-authoring tools like generic builders, dynamic options and more. a framework containing caffe layers for running the multitask-network-cascades algorithm. a tool for managing secrets stream movies and tv shows from torrents utilities used for building the astropy python library for astronomy versatile grep-like binary stream and file search tool provides an extensible config api, a unified virtual fs api, and a desktop item editor for glib-based projects an offline client for uploading and ordering photos at fotolab.cz (aka fotostar client) high framerate, db correct opengl music visualizer with fifo buffers and pulseaudio input support a simple program to calculate how to split multiple expenses fairly. firefox extension to switch the user agent imap module for php a python binding for houdini that provides (un)escaping functions for html, urls/uris and javascript. python bindings for the sleuthkit (http://www.sleuthkit.org/) perl package and tool to generate random latin looking text a game of adventure set in the first age of middle-earth, when the world still rang with elven song and gleamed with dwarven mail. walk the dark halls of angband. slay creatures black and fell. wrest a shining silmaril from morgoth’s iron crown. apertium language data for the spanish-romanian translator. servicemenu for kde to download videos and extract its audio boost.build makes it easy to build c projects, everywhere. an api that provides a c object representation of a collada xml instance document (required for mitsuba renderer). parallel graph management and execution in heterogeneous computing fixed package - fixed deps api blueprint parser python module for working with steam's api reactive extensions for c fortune cookies from a song of ice and fire series qt4 ui for hantek dso-2090/2150/2250/5200/5200a oscilloscopes. includes firmware microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts a midi router and processor based on python, supporting alsa and jack midi boolean operations on paths based on a super fast polygon clipper library by angus johnson. the gnu compiler collection. stage 1 for toolchain building (mips64-elf) tmux with a "clusterssh"-like behaviour a toml-0.4.0 parser/writer for python. a classy blend of simplification, curvature, and angles, from pablo impallari the oftlisp standard library. nodejs telegram to irc bridge bot pvr for newsgroup users. formerly known as nzbdrone whipper logger meant to mimic eac style logs a metalink library written in c language. tpm (trusted platform module) 2.0 software stack (tss) simple, versatile session exit dialog, inspired by cb-exit. a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtsvg) (5.1.x) a collaborative editing environment for gnu emacs a classic shoot 'em up arcade game inspired by xgalaga trajectory optimization for robotics execute scripts on new messages using idle imap command a fast file copy tool for lans limit the number of child processes running. ros - time and duration implementations for c libraries, including roscpp. international components for unicode library, version 4.8 gsl based random variable sampling for gnucap github issues on the command line. free, donation based oldskool sci-fi adventure game with 3d first person view regular expression library for lua - pcre version undo any command. 'lightning' wallpaper that used to be included in kdeartwork-weatherwallpapers adds new commands and widgets to the tcl interpreter. tweak tool for mate, a fork of mintdesktop - gtk2 version. quick-and-dirty debugging output for tired programmers a standalone mpd web gui an open-source, free, multi-platform frontend for dosbox (dosbox binaries not included) message transfer agent with maximal-enabled features this is a flat theme for ubuntu and other gnome based linux systems. a gui application for programming logitech(r) harmony(tm) remote controls. gdb (gnu debugger) manager for vim enables keepass to dual encrypt databases using aes-256 and 3des-192. utility to flash rom images to the ems usb 64 mbit gameboy flash cart on linux the listen gem listens to file modifications and notifies you about the changes. works everywhere! version < 3.1 a fast single-producer, single-consumer lock-free queue for c. (mingw-w64) automatically sets repository url from svn/svk/git checkout latex class for writing documents conforming to abnt standard (legacy). pure python interface to the raspberry pi camera module kde config module for sddm library for communicating with various portable mp3 players a git-annex special remote using mega fortune quotes from chappelle's show read, compose, modify, and write midi files session announcement protocol server. a python html/xml parser designed for quick turnaround projects like screen-scraping a visual browser for netcdf format files umeplus cl fonts are modified ume cl and m fonts for japanese. pure programming language, base package -- interpreter, standard library, documentation and emacs mode a library-based package manager with dependency support with support for build environment extensions. git version. a toolkit for creating and managing declarative, self-healing infrastructure. syndicate wars, a classic 1996 strategy game, with sdl patches to make it playable natively on linux. requires the syndicate wars cd to copy data files from before first run. a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtscript) (5.1.x) gedit 3 plugin to toggle side and bottom panels using buttons in header bar a caja extension to quickly set wallpaper (gtk3 version) usb boot loader for avr microcontrollers a command line utility that synchronizes your google drive files with a local folder on your machine extracts htc ruu eltclsh (editline tcl shell) is an interactive shell for the tcl programming language generates dns sshfp-type records from ssh public keys from public keys from a known_hosts file or from scanning the host's sshd daemon. a better transparent encryption filesystem a library for layout and rendering of text (for compat with cairo-ubuntu, fontconfig-ubuntu) a opensource tool to read / write rfid tags lightweight lossless file minifier/optimizer qt4/qt5 implementation of amqp 0.9.1 c wrapper for the gilles vollant's zip/unzip c package (mingw-w64) adds customizable context menu commands for copying information about the selected tracks to clipboard extracts embedded tests and code examples from pod emphatic message generator generate a nice bibtex or latex bibliography according to the document content a car (bike, ship, plane) navigation system image browser and viewer for the gnome desktop link a set of islands with bridges so that it is possible to reach any island from any other. bounded model checking for ansi-c the ultimate replacement for spreadsheets, mind mappers, outliners, pims, text editors and small databases a simple tool for source code analysis, for ansi-c programs. python to gnu octave bridge. python library that extends setuptools for binary extensions qt-based distributed irc client (client only) openfabrics alliance firmware burning application for mellanox hca/nic cards browser aiming to recreate the best aspects of the classic opera (12.x) ui using qt5 - git checkout an excellent html reference which also covers other web topics (french version) graph library for ocaml this is a python wrapper to libcangjie, the library implementing cangjie and quick input methods. pmg - a vos clone for linux python wrapper for hiredis uploading files to chomikuj.pl slim theme for archlinux ingenious and fast way to move the mouse pointer on the screen with keystrokes. mooltipass password manager client algorithms and frameworks supporting the development of processing and analysis applications in navigation and global positioning. solaris porting layer kernel module support files. tag-based fuse virtual file system c implementation of the isaac prng algorithm perl interface to the mpfr (floating point) library. decentralised bittorrent index - daemon vector icons in 9 colourthemes for gtk disable link local multicast name resolution (llmnr). streaming torrent client. a lightweight, object-oriented finite state machine implementation in python python3 bindings for leveldb database library adds new commands and widgets to the tcl interpreter. version for tcl 8.5 an open source java decompiler gui for procyon discord extension that introduces new features like bttv emotes and plugin support. git master branch (deprecated) roles which support overloading beautification app library file latex ttf fonts needed by abiword to display formulas pt1_drv modified by stz2012. fractal planet and terrain generator a modern version of the arcade classic asteroids ros - navfn provides a fast interpolated navigation function that can be used to create plans for a mobile base. the open-xchange password-change bundle that only changes the encrypted password in database, but leaves any subsystems (e.g. imap/smtp) as-is a "micro" editor for micropython check if you need to reboot due to an updated kernel perl 6 bindings for xxhash detect erlang variables hostapd python wrapper to simplify usage of hostapd power manager for xfce desktop using xbacklight for setting brightness query configuration information of dri drivers with glvnd support lightweight c14 parser for tiled tmx files open-source, multi-platform data analysis and visualization application simple user interface for the mercurial distributed version contol system. software library for encoding and decoding x86 instructions. command line builder for u applications ibm iseries access provides a 5250 emulator and others tools for ibm iseries (formerly known as as400). this package provides the version 5, compatible with older servers. dssr, an integrated software tool for dissecting the spatial structure of rna. please see: http://forum.x3dna.org/site-announcements/download-instructions/ firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - telugu adobe's ebook reader able to read publications protected by drm twisted jabber support library - git version structural clustering of rna sequences network caller id alert module. a media scheduler mpv tools to help document botocore-based projects. nosql database engine providing decentralized key-value store, flexible map/reduce engine and http/json query interface qt-style wrapper for gsettings synchronize caldav and carddav. a simple documentation browser a simple x hotkey daemon v-rep is the swiss army knife among robot simulators. v-rep is used for fast algorithm development, factory automation simulations, fast prototyping and verification, robotics related education, remote monitoring, safety double-checking, etc. driver for the brother dcp-j515w wifi multifuncional printer myagilepomodoro - time management software that brings you the best of agile practices and the pomodoro technique, written in java a forth compiler a free video game that features a maze with mice and snakes altivec/sse optimized lame encoder default launcher to analyze a project with sonarqube binary build of the gnu version of the mozilla firefox browser nvidia drivers utilities and libraries, 96xx branch. run pi-hole or openvpn in lxc snapshot containers via systemd a free, stand-alone, multiplayer-only iteration of quake2 (game data) djb zora prints truetype fonts ros - this package contains a tool for setting and publishing joint state values for a given urdf. find rop gadgets in pe/elf/mach-o x86/x64 binaries shufti - the persistent image viewer best-effort extent-same, a btrfs deduplicator daemon clone of berkley spice 3 simulation engine. git version programming language for creating tiny executables ros - rosnode is a command-line tool for displaying debug information about ros nodes, including publications, subscriptions and connections. bioinformatics multiple alignment editor redis 2.0 protocol module for mainline nginx alegreya is a serif typeface originally intended for literature. truetype version. perl package providing a lightweight cache with timed expiration a free implementation of the unicode bidirectional algorithm (mingw-w64) unicode normalization library. the kde calendar utility library nitrokey management application breath wallpaper a database api for synchronized databases of json documents. a standalone graphical utility that displays java source codes of .class files the shared tools and functions used in the aseman's projects a kde program for users of avms fritz!box to get call signaling and other functions. a modern terminal emulator primarly for the xfce desktop environment (development version) library for manipulating sets and relations of integer points bounded by linear constraints (development version) automatically formats python code to conform to the pep 8 style guide. a technical font used by architects and engineers lightweight middleware that provides transparent routing between your application and any backend mysql servers emulate aws λ and api gateway locally when developing your serverless project a simple memory manager for cuda designed to help deep learning frameworks manage memory a collection of fonts from the legend of zelda universe solaris porting layer kernel modules. plugin for vapoursynth: addgrain (git version) vdr plugin to support graphical lc displays a linear programming modeler written in python plugin for vapoursynth: finedehalo (git version) an easy-to-use backup solution for making archives pl/pgsql debugger server-side code epson printer driver (px-1600f) the open edition of the f# compiler, core library and tools easy and powerful workspace-based development for go an enchant provider plugin which adds support for hspell backend snowfall live wallpaper for kde plasma 5 an theme designed by sean wilson simple x selection printer. prints the x selection to stdout. based on sardi orb colora you can use the modularity to combine elements and create a new icon theme. smt solver for software verification add line numbers to hereis blocks that contain perl source code filesystem monitor utility. builds talkingarch, an unofficial arch linux live cd with speech and braille support added prezto is the configuration framework for zsh; it enriches the command line interface environment with sane defaults, aliases, functions, auto completion, and prompt themes. provides fonts based on dwarffortress custom tilesets, for use with playing dwarffortress in text mode in a terminal. ros - ros communications-related packages, including core client libraries (roscpp, rospy) and graph introspection tools (rostopic, rosnode, rosservice, rosparam). gui for managing windows programs under linux utilities for manipulation of console fonts in psf format a graphical front-end for aria2 download manager with lots of features. solaris porting layer kernel module support files -- release candidates an implementation of figlet written in python a port to qt3 of neil hodgson's scintilla c editor class flexbox udev rules simple html5 charts using the canvas element read-eval-print-loop for debugging your catalyst application extends fdupes action to directories. includes ffdupes (fast fdupes). python (pygobject) bindings to the gudev library non-linux native codec pack. common shell command replacements base library for vim plygins by delphinium a calendar clock [windowmaker dockapp] with antialiased text a small console locking program python pe parsing module python hpgl parsing library a tool for checking common errors in rpm packages. an application to split, merge, rotate and mix pdf files gkrellm plugin for dell inspiron/latitude notebooks a terminal-based chat client for mattermost automatically enables numlock for external keyboard. can also execute custom commands, like 'xmodmap'. firmware for broadcom b43 wireless networking chips - trusted release a binary analysis ide that allows to inspect, navigate, edit and annotate control flow graphs and call graphs of disassembled code a curses-based file manager similar to dos xtree(tm) a hexchat plugin to set away on idle fedora 24 backgrounds. interactive php debugger inject javascript to explore native apps on windows, mac, linux, ios and android. python 3 version from pypi a kernel module for realtek 8168 network cards(aufs friendly kernel) a tool that helps you to create a bootable live usb drive for clonezilla live, drbl live, gparted live and tux2live the core library of gphoto2, designed to allow access to digital camera by external programs. (32-bit) the rancher command line interface (cli) is a unified tool to manage your rancher server. service that distributes nmea data over the network a warranties manager (currently only in french) pulseaudio control applet gnu image manipulation program (development version) a input method starter and configure tool. it can help you set annoying system environment variable. unofficial kf5 port. jsonpath implementation that aims to be standard compliant raidar is used to discover netgear storage on your local network. multi-language build system. script-based movie editing with python2 easy companion for mooltipass device ros - this package contains common nodelet tools such as a mux, demux and throttle. a game about incarceration and duct tape, by simon cross, neil muller, adrianna pińska, stefano rivera and jeremy thurgood. esniper: a lightweight ebay sniping tool client library for accessing enginio service from qt and qml code. intl module for php abc notation editor the cutest x windows manipulation tool around! python client library for sahara a fast, file-based build system yape::regex - yet another parser/extractor for regular expressions convert singular to plural. select "a" or "an". find .pacnew files and merge them with vimdiff a plugin for osvr that provides access to leap motion trackers from osvr applications. this is the latest git release of compiz without de deps (core w/o decorator) a singleplayer, deck-building, baking game. free, easy & professional tool to learn programming with python cmake wrapper for mingw (mingw-w64) an adaptive hierarchical finite element toolbox an html-embedded scripting language - legacy 5.3 version gui application to have a closer look at iso 14496-12 and other mp4 files cross platform remote gui for the transmission daemon flash remoting in perl a modern, open library for the analysis of molecular dynamics trajectories receive fec mp3 streams glib::ex::objectbits -- misc glib object helpers a thumbnailer for gnome that will make thumbnails for nintendo ds roms by extracting their preview icon. a wm-independent dropdown window and terminal creator android google apis, api-17 driver for the brother dcp-j4110dw wifi multifuncional printer a vdpau benchmark. (git version) a lightweight header-only library to create python bindings of existing c code contemporary widget theme pdf editor scientific graphics and gui library for python surrealistic adventure game about exploring the dreams of a hikikomori character named madotsuki.also known as "dream diary". simplified chinese ver. command line tool for managing google apps accounts scan file prerequisites provides word128, word192 and word256 and a way of producing other large words if required. ensure that tests needing a display have one lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-9140cdn farmhash is a family of hash functions package vendoring utility for golang programs folder color switcher for nemo and caja nosql(xquery/jsoniq) query processor written in c. jack midi player and recorder with jack transport sync a short kinetic novel crafted in a month by dischan, juniper's knot is a story told from dual perspectives: that of a demon and a boy. interactive cli tools for dungeons and dragons 5e shinjiru is an anime list management tool built with qt designed to automatically update your progress to anilist and act an desktop manager for anilist. a python package with bindings to the 'virtual instrument software architecture' library a low-level interface to a number of amazon web services. this is the foundation for the aws cli as well as boto3 a tool for debugging the opengl shader pipeline lpr and cups driver for the brother hl-3152cdw converts assembly language files between nasm and gnu assembler syntax lock free data structures for c. ocaml interface to the gd graphics library an encrypted meshnet and vpn software. library for getopt processing with both long and short options minikube is a tool that makes it easy to run kubernetes locally robotics service bus c spread transport gedcomlite - a perl module to manipulate gedcom genealogy files html content and article extractor for python, based on the java/scala version ros - rosbridge provides a json api to ros functionality for non-ros programs. a comprehensive open source library for n-d point clouds and 3d geometry processing perl utility extensions for tainted data a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtqml, qtquick) (5.1.x) python2 library for dynamically parsing and editing configuration files with support for subsections. quickly download videos from youtube in high-quality. caps2esc: transforming the most useless key ever in the most useful one cli tool to download mp3 from xiami.com and music.163.com high-speed packet processing framework (dev branch) - kernel module an ioquake3-based engine with multiple improvements (note: requires pak files from original q3 cd; incompatible with ioquake3) imaging toolkit library used with button. allows generating build descriptions with lua. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a python line-processor (like awk) based on pyline. libraries for the portable c compiler ros - ros interface to the 3dconnexion spacenavigator 6dof joystick. qt bindings for the telegram protocol multi-platform mpeg, vcd/dvd, and divx player (qt5 version) schema language neutral interface for xml document validators remove unneeded lib32 packages from your arch linux system. build2 utility library lpr and cups driver for the brother hl8350cdw ocaml blocking jack api a python interface for conic optimization solvers. nvidia gpu deployment kit firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - songhai gui front-end for p2p tv sopcast get the idle time of x11 a comprehensive design and management interface for postgresql database a simple dashboard for the sensu monitoring framework, built with go and angularjs. fake the crc32 of a file switchboard displays plug cycle-accurate nintendo 64 emulator xo courser font created considering trends of modern typography from «новые облачные технологии» a tool for searching a given binary image for embedded files a pure go implementation of universally unique identifier (uuid) perl/cpan module test::dbix::class: easier test cases for your dbix::class applications string munging for loggers accessibility plug for switchboard user-friendly tools for the normalization and visualization of deep-sequencing data a tetris remake written in c using libsdl mixcloud integration for nuvola player. a program to monitor x11/client conversations a gnu multiboot boot loader full-featured cross-platform pacman-like game micropolis unix version (a.k.a. s*mc*ty) an advanced and beautiful pastebin written in php xslt to turn proper xhtml documents into man pages tensorflow-based neural network library. cli tool for decompiling android apps to java a genealogical "roguelite" where anyone can be a hero gui tool for downloading videos from sites like youtube, googlevideo etc. a light fluxbox theme that fits well with absolute gtk theme official plugins for gmpc a toolbar overlay for debugging flask applications clearlooks2 glo themes for guifications mate panel plugin to show statusnotifieritems (appindicators) a stand-alone clojurescript repl opensound control client and server implementation in perl library that allows a direct access to a usb ftdi2xx chip based device unix command locate front-end. a linux alternative to voidtool's everything, written in lazarus. ros - object_recognition_msgs contains the ros message and the actionlib definition used in object_recognition_core. the meme suite provides tools for discovering and using protein and dna sequence motifs a fast floating window manager automatic shifter for srt and ass subtitle based on audio streams. javascript ide and html editor. create c transports easily wapper package for gcc6-gcj to gcc-gcj compatability daemonize aria2 a small utility for converting jpg images to ascii facebook bruteforcer tools none a general python library for computational chemistry (git version) operation software for gps devices based on the mediatek mtk chipset runtime built for the 6model object system. analizo is a free, multi-language, extensible source code analysis and visualization toolkit. a upnp av client that mounts media server contents as a filesystem. a mips32 simulator a command-line opentype to bdf font converter qt5-based dc and adc client for eiskaltdc core. (git version) a truetype font which is perfect for digital clocks. distributed restful search engine built on top of lucene (1.7.x) emergent is a comprehensive neural network simulator that enables the creation and analysis of complex, sophisticated models of the brain in the world 'relaxed interpretations' of sans serif typefaces typical of 1950, from pablo impallari enable an easier use of any unicode glyph inspired by the hand painted signs in supermarkets, from pablo impallari ros - publish master information - name, description, icon. telepot protocol implementation for python php user operations for zend a network backup tool for linux, unix, mac and windows - client edition replace the rhythmbox large toolbar with a client-side decorated or compact toolbar which can be hidden a 2channel and twitter browser that made from javaswing declarative validation of data structures cct: a chinese characters typesetting system for latex gravity artillery shooter game qt4 plugin which turns all qsystemtrayicon into statusnotifieritems. hardcode-tray version x.org s3 virge video driver news aggregator for atom/rss/rdf. git version python client library for ceilometer a post install security auditor for linux/unix pure-perl core-only replacement for pkg-config a dock app providing swallowed xeyes x motherboard monitor an open-source program to read and manipulate raw images from digital cameras. parallel ray tracer (used as part of visual molecular dynamics), opengl-enabled a wrapper around rlogin to restart it upon connection loss jplag - detecting software plagiarism ros - nodelet core metapackage. plugin adds additional preferences for pidgin. ti calculator library handy table manipulation and rendering object tmpfiles.d configuration file to automatically remove /home/guest on shutdown notification daemon for the xfce desktop. supern executes the first action readline interface for ipython 5.4 gui for clevo notebooks with a backlit keyboard with controllable leds. oracle vm virtualbox binary edition (oracle branded non-ose version) check permissions of potentially nonexistent files toolbox for generating and solving optimization problems. collection of french fortune cookie files a programming language prioritizing robustness, optimality, and clarity multithreaded click apps made easy a server that implements tile caching to speed up access to wms layers implementation of the asyncio (pep 3156) event-loop with qt a small c library which makes it marginally neater to parse xml using libxml super hexagon, ponified cli app to convert ascii arts into hand drawn diagrams written in go. a virtual network service for openstack - open vswitch plugin agent android sdk samples, api-16 gnome 3.20 & 3.22 theme based on vimix dark by vinceliuice. high efficiency image file format a tool to help programmers write java code that adheres to a coding standard a task automation tool that allows you to create and execute action lists distcc services package for arm a project in-between luv and luvit viewer for usb-uvc-cameras automatic resizing of emacs windows to the golden ratio c library providing operating system facades and stl extensions. bash script that enables you to aggregate (tail/follow) logs from multiple pods into one stream a basic sudoku game rfcs from rfc-editor.org in pdf format. play and record sound with python algorithmic learning for high school students a general purpose, dynamically typed, stack-based programming language. simple lightdm webkit theme open-source, cross-platform software development library for reading, writing, and manipulating id3v1 and id3v2 tags yet another tk interface c library to read/write dxf files in binary and ascii form (mingw-w64) åarjelsaemien-daaroen digibaakoeh, a stardict dictionary for southern sámi to norwegian bokmål and swedish toolkit of (hopefully) suckless filters for the farbfeld image format udev rules for usbasp atmel avr programmer. a simple, generic user-profile application for django openjdk java 8 full runtime environment (with jetbrains patches) a gui of pdfpc show me graphically displays the contents of geometric files, especially those generated by triangle a high-level statically-typed programming language for the .net platform. ocaml library for statically-typed exceptions streaming torrent client for node.js ieee 802.11 ap, ieee 802.1x/wpa/wpa2/eap/radius authenticator plugin for vapoursynth: svpflow2-bin next generation vala ide arch-audit digest sender header files and scripts for building modules for linux-ck kernel yeoman generator for mobile angular ui an open source java decompiler gui for procyon statistical analysis and search tool for logs and machine data a kit to program in c in an object-oriented manner. ocaml library for non-empty lists a simple pump.io client written in c and qt, git version simple dynamic strings library for c a graphical configuration tool for compton x composite manager music player based on efl a tool for running concurrent multi-configuration experiments a cross-platform application and ui framework (translations) (5.1.x) a purple (pidgin, finch, ...) plugin for facebook chat, based on the new facebook messenger protocol 2d animation software. python job scheduling for humans. cross-platform, numpy based module for reading tdms files produced by labview. a kernel module for realtek card reader rtl8402/8411/8411b device some useful tools for use with steam client and websites. free branch version of the lio target api a python library for working with midi messages and ports trained language data for tesseract ocr engine an image viewing/manipulation program stereogram mod for quake 3 linux nis tools a 21st century latex wrapper authen-simple-passwd for perl python program with a top like ui used to show of behalf of which process is the i/o going on your home directory is your castle. don't leave your dotfiles behind. default gtk engine provided by fedora8 a tool for drug discovery, molecular docking and virtual screening kio slave to access apple devices ambient noise library. sounds and icons for anoise player neutron data files with thermal cross sections cli aplication to watch mainly czech television streams removes duplicate files; supports trash, simulate, size, custom rm command attempts to determine the natural language of a selection of unicode (utf-8) text. x.org chips and technologies video driver i3 status line generator written in go tool to vote for favorite aur packages computer codes for electronic-structure calculations and materials modeling at the nanoscale. it is based on density-functional theory, plane waves, and pseudopotentials. a high performance mysql backup tool. open-xchange epson printer driver (ep-804a, ep-804ar, ep-804aw, ep-904a, ep-904f) rebol 3: most software systems have become needlessly complex. we rebel against that complexity, fighting it with the most powerful tool available, language itself. conditionally use packages webmail for nuts! eclipse based ide for the xcore microcontrollers brew & manage php versions in pure php at home pythonic api to linux uinput kernel module a patch and a pacman-hook to fix a bug in minetest not dicovering /usr/share/minetest ros - rqt_py_common provides common functionality for rqt plugins written in python. minecraft patcher to fix textures with higher than default resolution. for minecraft 1.5.x. a desktop/gui font family for integrated use with the kde desktop a small sample cross-platform networking library (version 2, 32 bit) go vendor tool that works with the standard vendor file. a webkit based web browser for kde chinese dictionary漢語詞典-萌典/mengdian mms stream protocol library (32 bit) pyside lupdate, rcc, and uic development tools (common files) a replacement for sysvinit, and other init schemes, with service supervision client side javascript printer settings. this extension implements print setup from cs javascript nginx  nchan - a flexible pub/sub server (git version) asciidoc editor and toolchain written with javafx 8 steam command line tools point and click matrix to filter net requests by source, destination and type allegro... a simple script for executing programs in the steam runtime ros - rqt_shell is a python gui plugin providing an interactive shell. tbs linux open source drivers header-only library for portable 128-bit simd intrinsics (git version) a slender monospace sans-serif and slab-serif typeface inspired by pragmata pro, m and pf din mono. celestia addon: spacecraft: earth orbit: atlantis with flight deck amd/ati drivers. opencl implemention for amd catalyst (32-bit) sparkfun kicad library converted from eagle a window matching utility, allowing the user to perform scripted actions on windows as they are created. varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko a python wrapper library for subprocess module. software for learning the basic concepts of formal languages and automata theory, latest version with custom svg icon and gtk theming. executes multiple programs concurrently to generate output for bars the ssreflect unit of the mathematical components library for coq. multimarkdown plugin for template-toolkit a numix theme for cinnamon; transparent and compact version open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. a german male voice for the mbrola synthesizer wxwidgets frontend for jupyter notebook, fork of project abandoned by original author (https://nwhitehead.github.io/pineapple/) activate syntax extensions c shell a collection of general-purpose c classes a low-level cryptographic library (legacy version) simulation tool for cfd, fem, electromagnetics, heat transfer and others featuring a pde solver. the simple ruby extension library to use sdl a tool that computes various metrics for python source code (python2) protein x-ray crystallography toolkit - libraries an open source web browser engine (qt4 port) (32-bit) alternative gradle front-end that redirects to gradle wrapper if available the original space invaders game for the old atari 2600 game console a comprehensive toolkit and api to design, simulate and analyse space missions a dot-accessible dictionary (a la javascript objects). to display weather from multiple sources using conky fusuma is multitouch gesture recognizer. tool for depacking some compressed amiga formats ros - this encapsulates the qwt dependency for a specific ros distribution and its qt version. lparse is a front-end to smodels that generates a variable-free simple logic tools to pop/peek lines from the head/tail or known position within a given file, and output to stdout. makes files into queues! provides an api like io::socket::async, but with ssl support nero aac reference quality mpeg-4 and 3gpp audio codec lizardfs is a highly reliable, scalable and efficient distributed file system. it spreads data over a number of physical servers, making it visible to an end user as a single file system. application automation framework that allows you to build applications that have automation built-in tex to mathml converter a small, cross platform library to create a frame buffer that you can draw pixels in a tetris like game, but the 'random' order of piece selection is different than the standard 'random' number generator method cross-platform static analyzer and linter for swift third-party executables that can be used as external tools in ugene hello minecraft! launcher, a powerful minecraft launcher. simple, fast-paced one-button platformer (development version) trace library calls and get their statistics in a manner similar to the strace utility (syscall tracing) gnu mac changer : a small utility to change your nic's mac address scientific python development environment providing matlab-like features (python 2 version) bindings for the geospatial data abstraction library x.org ati rage128 video driver nvidia drivers for linux-ck-fbcondecor. an emulation of donald knuth's mythical mix computer. a unicode-based font inspired by a free shell of ukagaka called “nishiki”. extensible shell, a shell based on plan 9's rc shell (jpco's fork, git) international components for unicode library (x32 abi) fast full text search and indexing with approximate matching python ide for beginners. securely erase data from magnetic and solid-state memory slovenian language pack for firefox beta demultiplexes data and converts bcl files generated by illumina sequencers to fastq for downstream analysis. wraps dcd, dfmt and dscanner to one unified environment managed by dub font manager for linux a domain-specific language for modeling convex optimization problems in python. tracker for making chiptune-like music on a modern computer extrarct swagger specs from your flask-restful project a public domain clone of the at&t korn shell better touchpad gesture handling for gnome an open source python rest api framework designed for human beings. a program to write hybrid iso files onto a usb disk from linux, mac or windows ready to boot. eventmachine based, asynchronous parallel winrm client busque, descargue, y vea el maravilloso contenido ofrecido por el canal encuentro, paka paka, educ.ar y otros. plasmoid for plasma 5. shows weather information from yr.no server. pspell module for php a pre-alpha jupyter lab environment notebook server extension. simple tcl/tk command-line script for converting tmx files to plain text wrapper script for launching android apk files with archon ros - image_transport should always be used to subscribe to and publish images. an object-oriented framework for php - full version control some of the additional features of sharkoon skiller keyboards modern graphical system monitor, xfce4 panel plugin nexus 3 repository manager oss moo types for numbers lpr and cpus driver for the brother mfc-l8600cdw mechanical engineering fonts with regards to the asme y14.5 standard. (docs) enemy territory: quake wars demo service to update a subdomain reserved through afraid.org. configuration to support netbook lenovo s20-30 easycap driver module tool for formalized music score control. package for python 3 bridge for udp tunnels, ethernet, tap and vmnet interfaces. dropbox for linux - nautilus extension automatic provisioning of dynamic dns overlay for waveshare 3.5inch rpi lcd (a) tools to handle/convert android sparse image file (simg2img, append2simg, img2simg, simg2simg) version-bump your software with a single command! tray application for syncthing (mingw-w64) software package for prediction of retention times in mass spectorometry experiments. take desktop screenshots and glue them to make a time lapse video in gnu/linux canon ij printer driver (for mg4200 series) computer hex engine by ualberta. winner of 2008 icga olympiad. openrc scripts for teamviewer. simple crypto tool social networks analysis and visualisation the open-xchange backend for the documentconverter api power plug for switchboard docker systemctl replacement green island: qt-based compositor infrastructure for wayland an open-source software access controller the latest development version of faust featuring additional backends for llvm, c, java, javascript etc. specialised bitcoin wallet that uses the advanced smart contracts features of the bitcoin protocol to provide all-or-nothing crowdfunding open-source tools to disasm, debug, analyze and manipulate binary files userspace configuration for braswell chromebooks taken from galliumos set of tools to interface with kodi/xbmc plugin for vapoursynth: d2vsource (git version) jira webhooks <-> slack gobject xml and serialization api translate synthesizable vhdl into verilog 2001 pdf to ebook conversion tool regulate fan speed according to hard drive temperature thunderbolt daemon from the intel thunderbolt software userspace an adobe air application for working with the pomodoro technique python library to open and read epub version 2 archives. core ttf fonts from microsoft perl implementation of super gen pass script batch renaming utility connection manager program for your remote desktop, telnet, ssh or vnc connections. input device management and event handling library sans hysteresis gstreamer multimedia framework base plugins import lib for visual studio (mingw-w64) cups printer driver for the okidata b410 b411 b420 b431 b4100 b4200 b4250 b4300 b4350 b4400 b4500 b4550 b4600 mb460 mb470 mb480 the official theme for ubuntu kylin repack of the original miniupnp project to facilitate install via pypi nvidia drivers for linux-fbcondecor. a java swing look and feel library a sphinx theme for qtextbrowser copy regexp objects command line tools for extracting images and information from gimp xcf files (git version). command-line interface for high-availability cluster management on gnu/linux systems linconnect is a project to mirror all android notifications on a linux desktop using libnotify. phantombot is a twitch chat bot powered by java. httplib2 caching for requests a tool for manipulating x windows official python onedrive sdk for interfacing with onedrive apis (git) vector graphics design app small recursive dns server and tools with dnscurve support dumps any userspace process memory without affecting its execution the gnu debugger (compiled to debug target mingw-w64) a simple abx tester to compare audio files with gui this extension provides galleries of network equipment shapes for libreoffice, designed in a similar style to those offered by microsoft visio®. sass css converter for jekyll interactive php debugger a python script that organizes photos and videos into folders a simple script that helps you detect your distro name easily a gui based tool for managing ocz ssd including firmware and bios updates. ros - roswtf is a tool for diagnosing issues with a running ros system. geocoding toolbox for python 2. includes geocoder classes for the openstreetmap,esri arcgis,google,baidu,bing,yahoo,yandex,ign france,geonames,navidata,openmapquest,what3words,opencage,smartystreets,geocoder.us, and geocodefarm geocoder services. php bindings for kolab xml format schema definitions library practical music search is a highly configurable, ncurses-based client for mpd ros - common code for working with images in ros. graphical user interface toolkit for x (mingw-w64) a thin layer of graphic data types (32-bit) cross-platform c gui library for sfml a image and vector graphics package which enables java programs to generate image and vector graphics in a variety of formats a router and viewer of openstreetmap xml data such as the whole planet.osm or other osm files from geofabrik. free library for decoding and rendering flash animations jubula plugins for eclipse ide to create functional gui tests sift features over gpu using glsl or cuda outliner and personal time organizer to manage todo lists, schedule tasks, remind events. convert .schema to .ldif. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-vfio-lts kernel perl kavorka cpan module qt5 sqldriver plugin for sqlcipher apply nvclock fanspeed, gpu and memory clock settings with systemd analog clock which uses scalable vector graphics for rendering a command line program to process audio files with lv2 plugins a port of the eightyone zx81 emulator to libretro (wip) nvidia drivers libraries symlinks an adaptive gtk theme based on material design guidelines smartcard module for python. easy to use screenshot sharing application. create rss feeds for sites that don't offer them yltra flat is an icon theme build upon ultra flat icons uwsgi stats viewer a program that optimises, formats and fixes css code canon ij printer driver for pixma ip4700 series inkjet printers backblaze b2 sync tool a simple command-line utility for calculating sun and moon rise and set, and related times. an open source git extension for versioning large files apertium language data for the spanish-catalan translator. a high performance, middleware oriented c14 http web framework takes lists of seed packages and expands their dependencies to produce a full list of packages. this can be used for purposes such as managing the list of packages present in a derived distribution's archive or cd builds. screencasts of windows with keystrokes overlayed software and firmware for the usb pic programmer: usbpicprog a software-based implementation of the codec specified in the emerging jpeg-2000 part-1 standard (mingw-w64) collaborator client imaging device calibration tool racing sans, from pablo impallari the gnu compiler collection - c and c frontends (bootstrap) (psp) additional support for proprietary codecs for yandex browser the last free version of lightzone, a professional photo browser and editor, like aperture or lightroom a functional programming language based on algebraic effects and their handlers. a library intended to give c/c developers a quick and easy way to send email from their applications mobile atlas creator (formerly known as trekbuddy atlas creator) is an open source (gpl) program which creates offline atlases for gps handhelds and cell phone applications like trekbuddy, andnav and other android and windowsce based applications. a remake of the famous dos racing game 'stunts'/'4d sports driving'. git subcommands for integrating with central services like github, gitlab and bitbucket linux foundation uefi secure boot system a linear programming modeler written in python typing trainer - an application suite for training and exercising touchtyping combines the functionality of traceroute and ping into one tool (cli version, git) a powerful & easy to use console audio player generate html ul for a css-enhanced suckerfish menu andrew's php web libraries a virtual keyboard qt5 based irc-client, compiled with kde5 support - git version a java swing validation library physionet qrs detector and waveform limit locator google android sdk, dummy package python package for data analysis and visualization a command-line tool for managing pak and wad files from quakei/ii & hexen ii czech language pack for firefox beta apple airplay and raop protocol server programm to generate a folder with subfolders for each package managed by pacman containing symlinks to all files belonging to that package. enable mousewheel zoom using left-alt key using gnome-shell audio tagger, fix song information, cover art, lyrics, remove duplicate and missing tracks from your library. ros - rqt_image_view provides a gui plugin for displaying images using image_transport. trine enchanted edition is a beautiful fantasy action platformer with a fairytale-like atmosphere a module to work with countries and languages a swedish male voice for the mbrola synthesizer the minfx optimization library yet another remote-execution daemon for windows a sdk for building cross-platform gui and graphics apps using the ec language configurable embedded linux firmware update creator and runner splunk universal forwarder python module to parse septentrio binary format (sbf) files generated by septentrio receivers. c language family frontend for llvm ros - forward_command_controller. ponify and deponify text a virtual network service for openstack - bigswitch plugin agent a qt5-based replacement for gksu ros - this package contains a class for converting from a 2d laser scan as defined by sensor_msgs/laserscan into a point cloud as defined by sensor_msgs/pointcloud or sensor_msgs/pointcloud2. a tool to upload fit, gpx, and tcx files to the garmin connect web site. perl package for soap implementations tool to query rbl servers utility for flashing stm8 mcu family via st-link (v1 and v2) arcade style game like deflektor (c64) or mindbender (amiga). a simple breakout remake canon ij printer driver (mp560 series) retrieve and store mooltipass credentials easily from websites. a daemon that makes it possible to use all special keys on your sidewinder x4 keyboard. bridge for udp tunnels, ethernet, tap and vmnet interfaces. modified terminus font a dedicated search application built on top of baloo moves oracle databases to postgresql a tool for flashing ubports onto devices fast and modern javascript engine used in google chrome. clipboard management using dmenu a flecible framework for the smart home - eclipse based designer engine for latex songbooks simple scanning utility plugin for thunar that adds context-menu items for dropbox. the odb sqlite runtime library public release of arabic font to ubuntu xenial xerus material design music player, based on electron run faust signal processors in pd, pd-l2ork version ros - rosservice contains the rosservice command-line tool for listing and querying ros services. a window maker applet showing power management status limbo is a modern classic, putting players in control of a boy's journey through a tense and hostile world. c data analysis framework and interpreter from cern. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux kernel binary version of legacy ghc (7.10). originally released on december 2015. pod object model clean and backup your /home folder from old configuration files created by now uninstalled software. a collection of bindings to facilitate cross-platform game-related development utilizing the .net platform an experimental open-source nintendo wii u emulator projectm visualization addon for kodi an rss/atom feed reader irc and icb client that runs under most unix platforms. kms activation using vlmcs. an emacs editing mode for standard ml nomachine nxclient, nxnode, and nxserver in one package (version 3.x which includes virtual desktop support) mcrypt module for php control the seperate elements of your window manager and decorators, all from your indicator tray. systemd generator to generate timers/services from crontab and anacrontab files an interactive c (iso/iec 9899:2011) read–eval–print loop (repl) currently supporting multiple compilers, shell-esque readline key-bindings/tab-completion, variable tracking, and incremental undo. network design and emulation software for cisco's networking academy instructors and students. tracker program to for small sized intros, demos or games. (paulbatchelor's fork) remote vanilla pdb (over tcp sockets) done right: no extras, proper handling around connection failures and ci. based on pdbx. tex live support for the luxi mono family of fonts slick top-down 3d tetris game high-level, high-performance, dynamic programming language command-line multiple arcade laserdisc emulator (development version) a sphinx extension for bibtex style citations an open source version of edward johnston's timeless typeface for london underground of 1916 free multiplayer action game kdbus ipc kernel module a fork of numix, but uses android blue instead of red, hence the name rebuild your jekyll site when a file changes with the `--watch` switch. a full-featured and high-performance event loop (mingw-w64) additional plugins that do require additional libs to run. xo oriel font created considering trends of modern typography from «новые облачные технологии» proxy manager service encrypted filesystem encfs gui wrapper dynamic computations using spatial algebra curses jack connection manager, based on naconnect by nedko arnaudov (español) spanish language pack for eclipse ide tcg opal 2.00 sed management program similar to numpy arrays, but optimized for small sizes linux port of the opengl2 plugin a memorization aid based on the leitner flashcard system electronic circuit simulator. spice frontend, using gschem for schematics and ngspice as simulator app::grok - does most of grok's heavy lifting log system library for c/c projects wrapper package for opencv python bindings. a stable, up-to-date python 2 wraper for the amazon product advertising api distributed message broker an unofficial google drive client that runs on linux, with support for various desktops binary property list (plist) parser module written in python table component for elisp programs for inspecting and manipulating configuration of pci devices includes activmanager, activcalibrate, activremote and activmonitor. you must install activtools if you want to use activinspire with promethean hardware. you do not need activtools if you just want to run activinspire personal edition. reimplementation of portions of the pygame api using sdl2. interface to the imlib2 image library a shadowsocks branches a versatile macro assembler with support for several 8-bit microprocessors including 6502, 6507, 6803, hd6303, 68hc11, 68705, and f8 gpg-based, secure, pluggable, encrypted, and simple commandline password manager. transactional security and privacy-focused decentralized open source cryptocurrency (cli) a little tool that watches your source code and generates ctags. mate document viewer (gtk2 version) kde gui for the wacom linux drivers (kf5 branch) full imap client library w/ referral support riemann c driver library and cli client application to show kde applications' documentation program to compare files ignoring small numeric differences tools for integrating inkscape and latex beamer eiskaltdc data files opencl (open computing language) header files (mingw-w64 symlinks) a simple frontend for the locate search. a toolset for reverse engineering and fuzzing protobuf-based apps linux kernel and modules with the rt patch and the bfq scheduler. official desktop version of telegram messaging app - static binaries, developement version meliora openbox themes test and preview your awesomewm configuration with xephyr passphrase generator based on https://xkcd.com/936/ gui frontend for bibtex, written in java, using aliyun oss to accelerate the source downloading process the berkeley db embedded database system 4.6 a simple screen locker for x french -> english dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org a latex package for drawing dsp diagrams using pgf/tikz nfc for pam, git version journal abbreviation macros used by ads a generic menu for x convert fountain screenplay files to plain text, ready for printing, from the shell causes the chromium web browser to automatically install and update the chromevox screen reader extention. note: this package does not contain the extension code. this is manjari, a font belonging to a set of truetype and opentype fonts released under the sil open font license version 1.1 - 26 february 2007 for malayalam language. very simple youtube video download interface python class to communicate with the ikea trådfri gateway visualon advanced audio coding (aac) encoder facebook platform python sdk ros - this package contains generic definitions of geometric shapes and bodies. write(orignal name) - a word processor for handwriting reference implementation of the ogg media container serve or receive files from shell via a small http server punch clock to track time spent on projects play psx games in sony psp, multiple disk games milena is a polish speech synthesizer for linux firefox extension to show tabs like a tree steam_api.dll implementation for wine. windows games now can interact with the linux steam runtime. open-source software system for image processing, 3d graphics, volume rendering and visualization this package contains every gstreamer-plugin from fluendo for gstreamer 1.0 framing layer of http/2 is implemented as a reusable c library an extremely simple irc client. collection of tools for inspecting and visualizing disk usage (git version) perl/cpan module regexp::grammars - add grammatical parsing features to perl regexes scroll wheel support for urxvt one fonts of adobe's adobesongstd.l style. configures flask applications in a canonical way. also auto-configures heroku. aims to standardize configuration. a cute python utility to communicate with the rom bootloader in espressif esp8266 library for constructing, combining, optimizing, and searching weighted finite-state transducers (mingw-w64) ros - follower for the turtlebot. openshift origin is a platform for developing, building, and deploying containerized applications. see https://docs.openshift.org/latest for more on running openshift origin. bittorrent library written in c (git version) a web-based administration interface for unix systems bitcoin wallet tool written in python 2. lots of features including exporting with balances to json and some great wallet recovery tools .net development platform based on on roslyn workspaces. arsdk video encapsulation the free web debugging proxy by telerik (running on mono) gnuradio blocks and tools for receiving gsm transmissions magic: the gathering modern clear templates for magic set editor. an oopensource placement tool eric niebler' c ranges library. headers for teamspeak3 pluginsdk firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - hebrew print images in a terminal with 256 colors support bsd-mailx from debian library for analyzing elf files and dwarf debugging information websocket to tcp proxy/bridge. an open-source implementation of the arma modding tools. shows legacy tray icons on top. a collection of algorithms and visualisation tools related to space-filling curves. mypaint brushkit by david revoy kernel headers sanitized for use in userspace (mips64-linux-gnu) out of date notifier for aur packages a c bittorrent library that aims to be a good alternative to all the other implementations around (git branch rc_1_0) safe concurrent access to mldbm databases extracts ogg vorbis from binary files. qt based gui tool designed to create and edit .torrent files. qt4 build 3d structure homology modeller php library to make http requests stellar is a tool for creating and restoring database snapshots tools to connect to intel amt enabled machines via serial-over-lan a clipboard management daemon web ui of esniper for sniping ebay auctions. ti file format library make programs think their stdout is a tty / terminal. extract .wav files from .aw files in nintendo wii game disks custom launcher and tool for the toontown rewritten mmorpg standalone string interpolator and template processor plugin for vapoursynth: vctrans a python module that will check for package updates. gd module for php ascii solar system observer fonts to fix scrambled or missing text in steam menus webkit bindings for perl the mistserver media server toolkit, open source edition game combining pong, pacman and space invaders an improved screenlocker based upon xcb and pam with color configuration support a smart pointers library for the c programming language a hierarchical, easy-to-use, powerful configuration module for python ros - this package provides a set of typedefs that allow using eigen datatypes in stl containers. irssi plugin to connect to the jabber network (cdidier version) realtek 8812au/8821au usb wifi driver for ac1200 (801.11ac) wireless dual-band usb adapter a library containing the a reference implementation of the net-color specs creates an undecorated black window and prevents the mouse from entering that window. ros - the state machine compiler (smc) from http://smc.sourceforge.net/ converts a language-independent description of a state machine into the source code to support that state machine. quake ii - mission pack 2 ('ground zero') for yamagi-quake2 ia32_aout kernel module, for running an a.out binary format a graphical browser for file and directory differences. flexible user timeout daemon. enforces user login restrictions. a library that implements the ebu r 128 standard for loudness normalisation. (deprecated -- merged into 'nikola-git') a language and a program for keeping track of your progress through an interactive fiction game. full text search tool based on xapian backend - this version includes recollq a framework for playing the diplomacy board game over a network convert a debian linux .deb file to a .tar.gz a matlab toolbox for the analysis of brain imaging data sequences ros - hector_map_tools contains some functions related to accessing information from occupancygridmap maps. a terminal multiplexer - legacy version 1.8, the last version that support grid-style navigation watch for changes to files, cross-platform style typescript syntax files for vim squiggly-clojure: flycheck checker for clojure, using eastwood and core.typed. parser generator for reading, processing, executing, or translating structured text or binary files. version 3. header files and scripts for building modules for linux kernel (git version) upload gcov results to coveralls.io convert html to confluence markup implementation checker and policy checker for video and audio files (server) portuguese (european, pre-orthographic agreement) hunspell dictionaries a cython wrapping of the c cap'n proto serialization library lua bindings for gnome/gobject using gobject-introspection library a decompiler for lua 5.1 a small splash program for unix like os python2 bindings for the enlightenment foundation libraries - development version python client library for mqtt v3.1 and v3.1.1 webfont generator - converts ttf to woff, eot and svg fast interpreted or compiled general purpose programming language. mitsuba integration plugin for blender, based on luxrender luxblend code java based help system sphinx 'plantuml' extension an apl-like calculator. official arc firefox theme a python client for statsd helper library for use with unit testing of keypass 2.x plugins. best alternative to xdg-open (git version) a quick and easy way to build simple web applications parse-functions - list all the functions in source code french -> english dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org consolas for powerline tool to calculate the md5 hashsum of the pure data part of a jpeg-file produce pdf or postscript from html documents including tocs and indices ros - meta-package of libraries for processing laser data, including converting laser data into 3d representations. a tool to generate smaller dumpfiles from kdump memory dumps at commands as input are sent to modem and responses given as output. a simple and efficient algorithm for approximate string matching python bindings for the ldns library for dns programming a system-design platform and development environment for a visual programming language from national instruments. synaptics driver for notebook touchpads - forked branch with -m flag forward ported and 4/5 finger detectable standalone qt application for configuring your razer devices under gnu/linux. the crystal programming language a new generation cloud backup tool based on lock-free deduplication skypeweb plugin for pidgin the asn.1 library used by gnutls, gnu shishi epson printer driver (me office 520, 620f / stylus nx220, sx218, tx220, tx228 / stylus office bx305f, bx305fw, tx320f, tx325f / workforce 320, 323, 325) you will be surrounded (surround.vim for evil, the extensible vi layer) qemu iscsi block module portable open source library to import various well-known 3d model formats in an uniform manner (mingw-w64) mouse wheel configuration tool for xfree86/xorg telegram messenger cli a wrapper script for tmux to multiplex commands to ssh hosts russian language pack for pale moon browser simply builds and verifies oauth headers ros - gazebo_ros_control. library used by filezilla (mingw-w64) fake xrandr configurations for multi-head setups with crappy video drivers, like fakexinerama but with xrandr zeroconf support for pulseaudio font chooser dialog for tkinter a simple perl script to query commandlinefu.com four basic fonts for chinese typesetting: song, hei, kai, fang translate text from one language to another rest api, command line tool and openstack integration plugin for lxc. (lts version) ros - this empty package allows to export rosbag migration rule files without depending on rosbag. last.fm scrobbler for moc audio player gnome cups library automatically sorts anime using information from anidb.net ssl security checker dump wmi informations from acpi tables a generic proof assistant. it allows mathematical formulas to be expressed in a formal language and provides tools for proving those formulas in a logical calculus. a particle physics package for data analysis (specifically histogramming) classes. http xslt module for the nginx web server command line argument parser library, like getopt, except better. python version. php language bindings for gtk 2 toolkit. detecting natural selection from population-based genetic data a game where you control a psychic bodyguard, and try to protect the vip from hordes of would-be assassins open source video to gif maker that allows overlaid text. sugar for classes that have file or directory attributes a nice looking gui for ghostscript with some extraction features web interface for beancount canon ij scanner driver (for mp560 series) ldap raw visualisation a challenging 3d puzzle game where you must guide the moppet through the vast and eternal void of space by solving the various and beautiful puzzles thrown at you boolean support for perl ros - components of moveit connecting to mongodb. server of an open source sandbox game inspired by minecraft a tool for converting dictionary files aka glossaries with various formats for different dictionary applications tray icon to switch netctl profiles. unofficial beamer theme for technische universität berlin a freeware corpus analysis toolkit for arrying out corpus linguistics research and data-driven learning. a qt and c gui for radare2 reverse engineering framework an ncurses console audio player with support for pulseaudio (svn) the package represents databases of entities (countries), prefixes and callsigns that are used by amateur (ham) radio logging software - contesting version. standalone web browser from mozilla.org with wayland patches an utility library common to synapse and sydent universal document viewer wraps pip and virtualenv to install scripts build2 package manager library an intuitive black and white conversion software with focus on a responsive user interface and workflow - gimp plugin nat-pmp server tool to design flanking oligo nucleotides for dna amplification an investigative lv2 plugin bundle a virtual network service for openstack - ovsvapp plugin cpan::testers::report - cpan testers report object a gtk based free bbs client cacert certificate signing request generator the object of the game is to outmaneuver your opponent and be the first to outline a square, called a quod, by capturing its four corners with your colored attacking pieces. xml-xcb protocol descriptions thin wrapper over posix syscalls iptables frontend. ncurses gui, for administration and monitoring. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine obd-ii vehicle diagnostic software and (mostly) j1978 compliant scan tool. a network manager (part of lxde) an implementation of the interprior-point method for l1-regularized logistic regression. ayatana scrollbars, pointer-triggered overlay scrollbars to save screen real-estate.configuration and metapackage tbs proprietary dvb drivers  firmware python to gnu octave bridge. an automated motif discovery tool using stepwise refinement of gapped consensuses kolab groupware access protocol layers (cal/card/groupdav support) openstack identity - daemon an irb alternative and runtime developer console automate generation of large scale latex projects. switchboard display plug the flexible network tester. c library to convert high-level optimization problems into canonical form. an open audio compression format providing lossless, high-quality lossy, and a unique hybrid compression mode generate (possibly exuberant) ctags style tags for perl sourcecode this program provides a susy spectrum in the nmssm, or the mssm including flavour violation and with or without r-parity consistent with input standard model fermion mass/mixings and electroweak/strong coupling data. file encapsulation / compression for fldigi skarnet's small supervision suite. cross-platform alarm clock written with qt5 eukleides is a computer language devoted to elementary plane geometry. standalone version of the fast built-in readahead implementation dropped in systemd 217 the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. gkrellm apcupsd monitor. monitors line voltage, charge, time left, load. works fine if you do not change the config. otherwise, gkrellm will crash. serbian cyrillic and latin hunspell dictionaries program that reduce size of mp4 video ros - rostopic contains the rostopic command-line tool for displaying debug information about ros topics, including publishers, subscribers, publishing rate, and ros messages. a collection of optimized low-level functions targeting storage applications telepad desktop application. this software communicates with the telepad mobile application in order to use a mobile/tablet as a remote mouse and keyboard. mobile shell, surviving disconnects with local echo and line editing, development version contribution resotiry for stumpwm a c and lua framework for building interactive applications. mesa vdpau drivers (32-bit) - non-libglvnd version roles that can be commonly used, for the mutual benefit of all an industrial-strength lock-free queue for c. (git version) a singleplayer battlefield style game. handles lexical processing, morphological analysis and generation of words in natural languages using fast finite state transducers. plugin for vapoursynth: knlmeanscl this library provides an easy way to include static content in your wsgi applications. noeljunior's pscripts: some handy scripts for users and sysadmins beautify your git logs build tool executing tasks and managing metadata. a command-line movie downloader. provides support for the ds18b20 family of temperature sensors a drush command to fetch assorted site building and development modules to enable and configure. high-level c binding for zmq. lightweight c library for countly fuse filesystem 4 dropbox (ff4d) is a fuse plugin whichs allows a local mount of your global dropbox or jailed application folder script to switch fullscreen and above-other-windows on urxvt small c tool for linux filesystem encryption a pandoc filter for including code from source files - executable only, without 750mb haskell depends/makedepends php extension that implements sha-3 (keccak) epson printer driver (artisan 725, 835 / stylus photo px720wd, tx720wd, px820fwd, tx820fwd) widgets and other objects used for indicators a daemon that responds to brightness keys by changing the backlight level file sharing with http servers. world vector shoreline data for xtide a command-line tool to keep an host synchronized japanese localization for bugzilla a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files (powerpc-linux-gnu) full path fuzzy file, buffer, mru, tag, ... finder a general purpose dashboard and graph composer. it supports graphite, influxdb or opentsdb simple polkit authentication agent for lxde node.js virtual environment builder command line tv recorder for austrian tv stations orf, atv, puls4, servustv mediathek and orf, servustv livestreams comfortable kde internet and am/fm radio application build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) converts ascii text to pdf format, with optional page/line numbering premium markdown editor http://caret.io an apache module to look up routing data remote python call (rpyc), a transparent and symmetric rpc library qt without moc: set of macros to use qt without needing moc ros - these are lightweight text streaming classes that connect to standardised ecl type devices. library for detecting if a http user agent header is likely to be a bot gedit 3 plugin to duplicate highlighted selections using ctrld download your favorite videos in 1 click userspace gamepad driver for linux with speedlink sl-6566-bk patch. based on the "xboxdrv" package. xterm 256 color test and visual colors list cross-platform fan control service for notebooks (development version) tool for operations on catalogues and tables asap - another slight atari player library (ver 2.x) text-qrcode for perl communication layer between various software and the json-rpc argonaut server qml syntax highlighting for vim an extension for nautilus to manipulate pdf files. a collection of ansi escape code related libraries enabling ansi colorization and stylization of console output. a perl interface for interacting with cpanel overrides the time() and sleep() core functions for testing dynamic animation and robotics toolkit gnu lyric display system, server and client advanced doom source port with opengl support (git legacy version) extensions to xfce originally developed by os-cillation. wrap web apps natively gnu/fdl german-czech dictionary for stardict simple pomodoro timer that doubles your efficiency the freebsd developers' handbook from the freebsd documentation project. power plugin for vera dynamic dns sub-domain updater for digital ocean. http client wrapper breton language pack for firefox beta python-based realtime logging and aggregation server. xstatic-qunit docker is a docking application (windowmaker dock app) which acts as a system tray for kde and gnome2. adapter for gollum to use grit at the backend. toolchain for asm courses at epita cube server lister a character set conversion library. random identity generator a configuration database system compiled for gtk2 bsd's universal config language - git version structured tags datastructures a game engine compatible to nscripter, to create and perform visual novel games a command line tool that converts magnet links in to .torrent files. ktexteditor framework futuristic theme for sddm convert xml/json danmaku to ass subtitle. programs for the hamradio protocol ax.25 that would be used by normal users a simple pacman backup and restore script. a small python 3 library for encoding and decoding bencode data lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-9560cdw a freeware multilingual font distributed by the american philological association. adminer skins software development kit for use with the mesa stellar evolution code community fork of the plugin for irssi which monitors irc announce channels and downloads torrents based on user defined filters. popular 'curve' window decorations, modified to support theme colors brother hl-2030 cups driver a free text to speech synthesis system lxqt openssh password prompt a fast, minimalist and remarkably extensible text editor (binary version) python-gantt make possible to easily draw gantt charts from python. output format is svg. front-end electron application for talking with the openbazaar daemon todo tool from opengrm to compile grammars into weighted finite-state transducers clear hidden mines from a minefield, with colors bus1 ipc library a gtk wave file splitter tcp stream sniffer and connection tracker python wrapper library for the phidgets api open source web browser based on firefox focusing on efficiency. external filter program for properly indenting racket, scheme and lisp a terminal-based tetris clone with 2-player mode do use_ok() for all the manifested modules the complete solution for ruby command-line executables metasploit gui front ened written in java super nintendo entertainment system core a pythonic interface to the rabbitmq management http api lpr and cups driver for the brother hl3040cn open source automation service with a web console, command line tools and a webapi a movie player for linux (uses statically linked libav). (git version) a library that implements perl 5-style regular expressions. 2nd version (32-bit) a powerful status line generator for i3bar, the status bar of the window manager i3. a command line tool to install base16 templates and set themes globally. asynchronous berkeley db access authenticate on linux by plugging your usb stick! ros - rqt_bag provides a gui plugin for displaying and replaying ros bag files. frisian language pack for firefox beta temporary encrypted file lockers on the web unpack a git fast-import stream into an rcs file tree an open source high performance realtime 3d graphics engine. (mingw-w64) hhvm's hack tools (hh_client, hh_server, hh_format et al.) qt5 openhome control point, still in development a rational number library, originally written by rob hubbard for q, ported to pure by jiri spitz. digest boot partition for disk encryption integrity the amdgpu pro vdpau driver set of html documentation for obspy seismological framework. a free music workstation (sequencer, software synth, audio recording, etc.) arduino sdk with teensyduino x.org misc fonts complete solution to record, convert and stream audio and video (32 bit) an easy-to-use window manager for x nvidia egl wayland library (libnvidia-egl-wayland.so.1.0.1) for 'nvidia-utils-vulkan-developer-beta' plugin for webdav support (x32 abi) ethereum decentralised consensus-based deterministic transaction resolution platform (c toolkit, cpp-ethereum including ethminer and eth, genoil's version) tools for converting bibles from usfm to osis xml dssi adapter/wrapper for win32 vst plug-ins format elm source code according to a standard set of rules based on the official elm style guide (experimental version for elm 0.18). an utility to clean doom/heretic/hexen/strife wad files and sort directory entries by type docs for django's release action/rpg prototype a simple wrapper around log::dispatch subversive svn connectors svn kit action role-playing platform and puzzle video game. humblebundle version. barcode api currently offering a nice qt api to produce qrcode barcodes and datamatrix barcodes. (git version) extensible periodic table of the elements a simple (yet powerful) qt5 feed reader. smooth tetris clone with a few surprises. ros - provides a signal/slot mechanism (in the same vein as qt sigslots, boost::signals etc for intra-process communication. ros - forward_command_controller. the ada 95 booch components mocks lwp::useragent and dispatches your requests/responses documentation for python pandas module. gravity programming language. crosstool-ng aims at building toolchains (linaro source) gogs(go git service) is a self hosted git service in the go programming language. a latex package for drawing entity-relationship diagrams based on tikz an e-mail client for gnome (gtk2 version) a small python module for wake on lan a small gtk-based mud client for x portuguese (european, post-orthographic agreement) hunspell dictionaries a portable middleware for email access - git checkout a package which implements the point-to-point protocol pkcs11 implementation for linux bash script to get rid of *.pac* files. lists files, like ls command, but more human-friendly. ros - a bond allows two processes, a and b, to know when the other has terminated, either cleanly or by crashing. small, fast and powerful modular synthesizer with pattern-based sequencer (tracker). a simple policykit authentication agent for xfce the asn.1 library used in gnutls (mingw-w64) challenging crossword pattern recognition game. a japanese input method for chromium os, windows, mac and linux (the open source edition of google japanese input) python wrapper for libspatialindex freedesktop.org shared mime info accounting server for bgbilling terminal think music (git version) easy thumbnails for everyone parser that builds a tree of xml::element objects unit testing framework for ocaml neovim gui written in golang solid read metadata (tags) of mp3, mp4, wma, ogg, flac and aiff files (python3 version) ros - roscpp_traits contains the message traits code as described in messagestraits. editor for day dreamer interactive fiction games pure python mysql client benchmark based on linear algebra excellent app for stress testing. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine small, fast, functional, and flexible window manager make your object constructors blow up on unknown attributes vaudtax enterprise-grade mysql monitoring plugins for nagios a modern quake 1 engine. forked from fitzquake and improved in many ways such as vorbis/mp3 support for music. - development version razer device manager for linux firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - spanish (chile) tk-codetext perl module (a textundo widget with syntax highlighting capabilities) a sandboxed version of the tor browser, git version access to iterator inside perl hashes, plus helper functions software for using a smartcard as the austrian 'bürgerkarte' a tool to manage and automatically apply xrandr configurations. minimalistic notification system loosely modeled after notification centers like on android and windows 10 (git version) is a small, clear and fast audio player for linux written in c, supported by the qt framework. it uses gstreamer as audio backend. a background image setting program that grabs the daily astronomy image (http://apod.nasa.gov/apod/astropix.html) broadcom bluetooth firmware for bcm4350c5 based devices. canon ij printer driver (mg6100 series) ros - image_transport should always be used to subscribe to and publish images. network traffic statics utility work time tracker a cross-platform library for manipulating the terminal command line installer for archstrike penetration testing layer this module adds a create_structured_tree subroutine to the directory::scratch. intense music-driven arcade shooter powered by your music (game sold separately) ros - drivers for orbbec astra devices. cups drivers for oki c330 and c530 ps printers updater for ankama games dofus and wakfu library to read and write paradox db files amd/ati drivers. generator of catalyst-{kernver} packages with fglrx module inside. retrieves the date and time from other machines cross-platform qt web browser set color temperature blankslate extracted from builder. vim plugin providing simple, correct folding for python a tool for dex and oat dumping, decompilation, and fuzzing a terminal interface for taskwarrior with vim key bindings and colorization support a virtual network service for openstack - mlnx plugin agent an open-source cross-platform ip tv player based on qt and libvlc open source web browser based on firefox focusing on efficiency (git version) python2 utils to extract, analyze text data of pdf files. includes pdf2txt, dumppdf, and latin2ascii simpler and faster vim motions a hack to explicitly set up and tear down fixtures misfits (uk) series on e4 fortune cookie file toolkit agnostic lv2 ui for zynaddsubfx a python msrp client library, implements rfc4975 and rfc4976 sparse solver library using gaussian elimination a light/feature free client for the identi.ca microblogging site. portable open source upnp development kit a mutex contention measurement tool ros - position_controllers. a 3d sci-fi alien shooter - sequel to shadowgrounds (game sold separately) trait to provide lazy initialisation of attributes german -> english dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org none bitcoin blockchain library a desktop application for simulating the execution of arm assembly language programs. cloud66 toolbelt repository of optional extensions for gimp various scripts for operating on an ostree repository a graphical frontend to tesseract-ocr - qt5 version a minimal framework for command-line utilities unit-testing framework for all .net languages. xvid is an open source mpeg-4 video codec (mingw-w64) fish shell like fast/unobtrusive autosuggestions for zsh extract cursors and icons from ms windows compatible resource files latest snapshot of lcov, a front-end for gcc's coverage testing tool gcov get screenshots of websites in different resolutions low level i/o functions for serial, i2c, parallel, tcp, gpib, vxi11 and usbtmc interfaces. compression library by google, git version. ppd files for ricoh's pcl colour printers, supplied by ricoh dynamic kernel patching tool kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-lts-surface4 kernel an arcade shoot 'em up game about virus invasion a thunar extension for launching file comparison tools go development plugin for vim oslo log library cooper hewitt font (truetype version) a java-based tool for german cash method of accounting (einnahme-überschuss-rechnung) the most widely held crypto-currency ever! this package provides both the gui qt4 and daemon clients. 3d objects tumbling about representing cpu load fast sql database server, community edition sourcery codebench lite for arm none linux gnueabi next generation plex desktop client a role playing game creation engine a cli and gui frontend to cryptsetup caps2esc: transforming the most useless key ever in the most useful one a suite of educational games for young children (git) cli game - solve wordsearch puzzles. a fast build system that encourages the creation of small, reusable modules over a variety of platforms and languages. an api wrapper for discord written in python meta package to satisfy dependencies for jasper's festival tts engine. collection of user space tools for general smbus access and hardware monitoring. patch in http://www.spinics.net/lists/lm-sensors/msg35498.html applied subnet calculator for ipv4/ipv6 tray icon using appindicator which feets better in kde parse list s-expressions into perl data structures an opensource implementation of the openmax integration layer api - alsa component provides mappings to easily delete, change, and add paired "surroundings" a pomodoro timer using client <-> server architecture embedded c library arm64 target a text browser for the world wide web (current development version) add even more color to your life. morning_star gtk themes collection rtmp nicolive plugin for obs multiplatform unleash your magic power and fight. the gem of eternity awaits you... a coalescent simulator for genome-scale biological sequences asset management application for python web development php extension for oci8 sr-71 blackbird theme pack for xde 8tracks integration for nuvola player. monitor your systems informations and generate periodical graph reports using rrdtool. all reports are shown throught a web interface. a tiny but strong ascii art text viewer written in c using gtk. a tool intended to prevent the accidental deletion of important files. capi support libraries pixelserv is a super minimal webserver, it's one and only purpose is serving a 1x1 pixel transparent gif file. fuse nullfs drivers the control center for mate (gtk2 version) a cross-platform application and ui framework (mingw-w64) a small daemon to act on remote or local events yet another plugin system multi-monitor full-screen fix for adobe flash player sync your files from stud.ip interactive printed circuit board editor converts between jack midi and cv control voltage qt5 virtual machine manager provides a graphical tool for administering virtual machines for qemu/kvm, xen, and lxc and other virtual entities. uses libvirt as the backend management api. non-dns ip-to-country resolver c library & utils (x32 abi) lua 5.2 bindings for gnome/gobject using gobject-introspection library create portable, self-containing linux executables: creates from dynamically linked executables and all it's libraries one file. note: does not play well with vdso, which most modern kernels have activated. a distributed bugtracker cut and assemble mp3 files program for manipulating the thinklight led on thinkpad laptops. a bunch of tools for developing python applications open source gps tracking system chatterbot is a machine learning, conversational dialog engine. swap type and contents of variables control over the flow of time provides access to position, satellite and area monitoring classes a fast, compact search engine for html (or trec) collections. open ecard-app (opencard) is an open source alternative of the ausweisapp a convenient template engine to just 'do the thing!' instrumentation tool for openmp and hybrid codes. interactive terminal todo.txt file editor with an interface similar to mutt preloads files needed for given programs murano package validator tool a python script that reformats the logcat output into a colorful stream that is much easier to visually follow. microsoft azure command-line tools keyvault command module python client library for nova dynamic mathematics software with interactive graphics, algebra and spreadsheet kalman filtering and optimal estimation library in python. motorola fastboot a high performance, open source, general rpc framework that puts mobile and http/2 first. shadow of the wyrm is a single player, traditional roguelike by julian day. various extra foils for mse. this one is the parallel foil gradient. signika is a sans-serif with a gentle character, developed for wayfinding, signage, and other media where clarity of information is required. truetype version. lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp-l8450cdw you need a budget, installs with wine bsd licensed charset/encoding converter library with more functionalities than libiconv a fork of minetest, an infiniminer/minecraft inspired game the pidgin plugin allowing massive spamming a ncurses-based spreadsheet (eg csv, tsv) editor. viewer for latex-beamer presentations that are built with the «show notes on second screen»-option ros - this package contains a c base class for urdf parsers. a rhythmbox plugin for displaying lyrics in the sidebar gstreamer validate testing framework epson printer driver (wf-7510, wf-7511, wf-7515) generic and simple controls framework for ros redis database dumper a c subroutine library for computing the discrete fourier transform (dft); defaults to single precision helper library for python 3 apps an arabic male voice for the mbrola synthesizer configuration system (mingw-w64) an experimental library for reading and converting svg. ros - rqt plugin for monitoring ros processes. ruby/ntlm http provides ntlm authentication over http. access perl scalars as arrays of characters basic classes used by all dune modules a library-based package manager with dependency support. git version. text editor with code highlighting support identify what's using up virtual memory gns3 topology converter. the gnu debugger (arm-frc-linux-gnueabi) bitcoin-compatible base58 and base58check implementation a tiling, keyboard-driven window manager written in common lisp extensible records for haskell with lenses using modern ghc features. the emscripten sdk check you machine for issues posted on https://security.archlinux.org a set of bindings to the wxwidgets library for the lua programming language. nvidia's opencl implemention for 'nvidia-utils-full-beta' a parser/generator of icalendar files (rfc 2445) asn1 data reader and writer in raw, ber and der forms a look-ahead digital peak level limiter library providing a mutable, self-balancing interval tree for python. discover which process has a file open, in pure perl 6 versatile (cross-)toolchain generator print large posters on multiple sheets cruise control build monitor for windows/linux/mac a real-time software synthesizer with sf3 support (development version) a tool to patch dvd disc images for the sony playstation 2 game console to make them burnable and working with esr, an app for the playstation 2 made to play those burned games without swapping gstreamer multimedia framework base plugins (mingw-w64) digital clock in ncurses enigma, the extensible non-interpreted game maker augmentation. salut à toi, multi-frontends multi-purposes xmpp client (core) the gnu compiler collection nginx anti xss & sql injection (module for mainline nginx) a linux port of raven game's old shooter, hexen (aka hacked hexen) free game data files for doom gaming engines simple text editor based on efl converts daa files (used by poweriso) to iso the release candidate kernel and modules py-autopep8.el integrates autopep8 into emacs. set of documentation for html5 including html4 documentation. this bash script adds tab-completion feature to django-admin.py and manage.py dkms-controlled kernel driver for atusb mumble with support for jack a complete fuse adapter for google drive ruby gem for smarter importing of csv files (and csv-like files), with lots of optional features, e.g. chunked processing for huge csv files a web server log file analysis program producing html reports, xtended c data analysis framework and interpreter from cern with extra features enabled. fedora 14 (laughlin) backgrounds. because sometimes you need to do it live. general purpose library and file format for storing scientific data. (netcdf disabled) python module to validate vat numbers intel fortran compiler 18.0.4 perl extension to generate and test check digits utility for cargo to compile projects when sources change amoeba fit routine based on the method of nelder and meads xo tahion font created considering trends of modern typography from «новые облачные технологии» make an rss feed from youtube subscriptions tool for generating method stubs for implementing an interface python client for google maps services a simple native gstreamer gui for screencast, webcam, and audio streaming slack desktop (beta) for linux barcode generator for python. fork of pybarcode project. a small biorhythm application based on pyqt4 tox protocol plugin for pidgin / libpurple - git checkout portuguese (european) thesaurus a free, stand-alone, multiplayer-only iteration of quake2 math::libm - perl extension for the c math library, libm this contrib extension provides an automated way to document cli programs ethereum miner with opencl, cuda and stratum support. apache tika - a content analysis toolkit longene wine qq 7.8. a lightning network implementation in c the mdm display manager socket.io protocol implementation vim interface to web api make awesome command-line applications the easy way qownnotes is a open source notepad and todo list manager with markdown support and owncloud integration. this package is the "official" release of qownnotes on aur. perl/cpan module www::csrf: generate and check tokens to protect against csrf attacks open source implementation of the microsoft xna 4 framework (official binary build). clean up merge bubbles in a git repository a fast-paced 2d fighting game simple terminal with xresources, scrollback, alpha support, office code pro font, and zenburn colorscheme a simple display configuration daemon jump'n'run game with editor and scripting facilities, fork of smc qoobar - audio tagger for classical music easily timeout long running operations a clean and compact theme for gtk3, gtk2, metacity, xfwm4, gnome shell and unity. ros - a metapackage to aggregate the packages required to use publish / subscribe, services, launch files, and other core ros concepts. a primitive polynomial search program pbr material preview, visualization and tweaking software. symlink for using rofi as a drop-in replacement to dmenu a qt-based pcloud sync client a not so simple text and code editor written in vala (still in development) ros - conversion functions between kdl and geometry_msgs types. pure python library for libconfig syntax mediatek mt7601u chip driver for kernel version before 3.19 non-destructive, layer-based photo retouching including raw image development simple menubar application based on electron with actual weather information and forecast a client module for the webdav protocol web server written in assembly lpr and cups driver for brother td-2020 label printer libraries for building reactive services in perl6 initcpio hooks for non persistent boot client for consuming websockets from http://pusher.com an addictive game by kenta cho. an abstract shooter and tube race. generate 2d barcodes from password-store entries xgboost python 3 wrapper provide non blocking randomness minimalistic music player for the command line gkrellsun plugin for gkrellm2 to show sunrise and sunset extremely fast non-cryptographic hash algorithm dynamic wayland compositor bidirectional bridge between git and mercurial various measurements by statically analyzing c source code asterisk module that provides the "espeak" dialplan application. it allows you to use the espeak text to speech synthesizer. convert refer databases to bibtex files. a straight-forward webdav client, implemented using requests breath theme for sddm bitlbee plugin for discord graphical user interface for the tool schemaspy from john currier offline documentation for lilypond a tool to rip content out of the web an easy livecd creator built in python. supports hybrid isos/usb, ipxe, and uefi oslo database library data description protocol for dynd similar to numpy dtypes. a program to aid management of software packages installed from source code python 3 module for bus trained language data for tesseract ocr engine gtk port of the kde4 oxygen icon theme scales the contents of the layer, or layer group, to image size. daemon that performs monitoring and adaptive configuration of devices in the system a gtk metronome application supporting different meters and speeds gsub with a replacement function print backends for gtk3 duplicate layer, layer with mask, or layer group from one image to another. qutip is open-source software for simulating the dynamics of open quantum systems python module to read keepass 1.x/keepassx (v3) and keepass 2.x (v4) files a lua library to access the underlying directory structure and file attributes audio compression format with lossless, lossy and hybrid compression modes (mingw-w64) the antrik internet viewer/browser/explorer/navigator/whatever. ros - the diagnostic_analysis package can convert a log of diagnostics data into a series of csv files. sina pardazesh co. persian font series. minimalistic platform game loosely based on xkcd webcomic notify about udev block events - git checkout postgresql driver for asyncio an xml and html processing toolkit, providing sax2, dom, xpath, and xslt implementations, written in standard c the youtube channel checker twisted websockets this sci-fi scrolling shooter brings you some of the most intense action ever seen on the pc. an extension that allows bass channels to be encoded using command-line encoders with stdin support. moose in a box package provides backports of new features in python's weakref module under the backports namespace ros - the manipulation_msgs package. vmware horizon client connect to vmware horizon virtual desktop - folder sharing arabic poems ros - controller to publish state of imu sensors. a free caslon font designed by pablo impallari a sophisticated standalone keyboard launcher. geany plugin that highlights the word that is currently selected in the editor firefox-based privacy aware web browser, repackaged from debian official cliqz repository magic: the gathering modern templates for magic set editor. provides a comprehensive set of tools to view, edit, and compile latex documents within vim. also provides macros to speed up the creation of latex documents. posix-spawn uses posix_spawnp(2) for faster process spawning odbc driver/connector for mariadb epson printer driver (l1800) better rainbow parentheses mail.ru im protocol support plugin for pidgin heroes evolved is the new micro-client moba from r2 games. (wine) icon theme designed for equinox gtk theme, recolored default file manager for gnome - patched to bring back the 'typeahead find' feature print directly to a tiff file which feeds an ocr engine which will output a text file. modelled after cups-pdf. set of configuration modules which allows administrator to change polkit settings. a library to produce ansi color output and colored highlighting and diffing freespace 2 retail data for fs2_open wysiwyg editor for building character sheets for gurps 4th edition ab initio computational chemistry software package (svn trunk via git) configuration for a dedicated aegir server to host drupal sites. disassembler library for x86 it helps you set up and install dsm on your diskstation easily copy file names from shell command output secret user agent of http. a lightweight javascript-aware, headless web scraping library for python ros - ros communications-related packages, including core client libraries (roscpp, rospy) and graph introspection tools (rostopic, rosnode, rosservice, rosparam). window configuration management for emacs ros - world canvas framework messages package. a gui for rapidly building forms and reports for postgresql and sqlite rewrite of the game engine used in the old dos-based games titus the fox and moktar (the french version) this module provides several functions to assist in testing whether a value is an object, and if so asking about its class. paris traceroute is a new version of the well-known network diagnosis and measurement tool a tool based on hachoir-parser to find subfiles in any binary stream. simple twitch.tv command-line app to watch and query streams setuptools plugin that makes unit tests execute with trial instead of pyunit host development utilities for chromium os ec kernel headers sanitized for use in userspace (arm-linux-gnueabihf) pvr add-on for xbmc to add vdr as a tv/pvr backend simple compizconfig settings manager lightweight client for connecting to second life and opensim worlds efficient json serializer, deserializer and validator generator for ocaml redis library for c11 powerful build system for the jvm (documentation and samples) a dxf (data exchange format) file format support library unicode aware catalyst (old style) gtk written gui frontend for gnokii you carved your soul to shreds in servitude to a dark god, but false promises and betrayal were your only reward. gtk2 graphical user interface (gui) for mp3gain, vorbisgain and aacgain python text-to-speech ivona wrapper android arm eabi v7a system image, api-15 simple purely functional lisp the gnu debugger a forked version of log4cpp that has been created for the shibboleth project modules for the sdrplay receiver a collectible card game played on a grid-like board a scalable c machine learning library (mingw-w64) simple java library to serialize objects to xml and back again. djbdns is a dns package by dj bernstein including tinydnssec next generation, high-performance debugger (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.7/) mythtv pvr client addon for kodi pybombs is the new gnu radio install management system tesseract (ocr) gui local emulation of content delivery networks. vertex gtk2, gtk3, metacity, xfwm, cinnamon and gnome shell themes (gnome 3.22 version) a tool useful to find duplicate files according to their content on your file system ros - this package provides a recovery behavior for the navigation stack that attempts to clear space by performing a 360 degree rotation of the robot. a scilab api for python solarized spiral theme for slim using the arch linux logo dynamically load and interpret java class files. built from binary executables available in debian repositories. truetype font rendering library (for nintendo gamecube/wii/wii u homebrew development) a gtk bluetooth manager (bluez 5) - git decompiler for lua 5.1 , and experimental for lua 5.2 and 5.3 joker, a clojure interpreter and linter written in go - precompiled binary from official repository enables you to use the original ubuntu font familiy with latex adobe base 14 fonts (courier, helvetica, times, symbol, zapfdingbats with type1) client for accessing google apis test directory attributes scrapes and downloads an instagram user's photos and videos a module and stand-alone script for batch-signing files with gpg. a team-based, fast-paced, fps/rts hybrid game which pits aliens against humans. bleeding edge version. implements the perl 6 'gather/take' control structure in perl 5 a chess analysis gui monospaced font with programming ligatures based on dejavu sans mono a stub code generator and com binding for objective caml (ocaml) a tool to parse, extract, and build 3ds firmware files simple, handy network addressing multitool with plenty of utilities posix threads for embedded systems (psp) a package for efficiently computing 2-point and 3-point correlation functions python library for discovering environment information (os, distribution, python version) (python3.x) python compatibility wrapper around all qt bindings - pyside, pyside2, pyqt4 and pyqt5. an action-adventure dungeon crawl game a matching bmpanel2 theme for elementary gtk2 & openbox themes levenberg-marquardt nonlinear least squares algorithms in c/c a dutch male voice for the mbrola synthesizer utility to push an arch host's package and aur caches to other hosts. previously named pacsync. tcl extension module for perl a file change monitor that receives notifications when the contents of the specified files or directories are modified. storj core library fortune quotes from my name is earl toolkit for secure internet live conferencing pythonic dbus library plugin for squirrelmail. this plugin places a captcha input on the login screen. parses irssi log files as stats presented in html ros - tutorial showing how to compile your own c program with rviz displays and features. a material design lightdm theme for lightdm-webkit2-greeter a prototype ssh configuration and policy scanner ros - geometry library. tester of translation for firexox's extension cursor class with built-in caching support low-level bindings to zlib flasher for ti msp430 processor translate postgresql tables to html, dot, dia and docbook xml files. curlpp is a c wrapper for libcurl. small context manager for entering linux kernel namespaces. plugin for vapoursynth: ediresample (git version) a transparent proxy written in golang microsoft azure sdk for python brotli compression library a multi-robot simulator for outdoor environments. mercurial version. a tool to download images from 4chan, 2chan and more! a software suite that allows a user to create beautiful songbooks using latex table-passwd for using a passwd file with opensmtpd the c runtime library for the avr family of microcontrollers, with tinyos patches various settings and changes for the dash in zorin desktop. runtime gcc 5.3 libraries for multilib novaclient extension for backup schedule an open source, survivable, strongly consistent, scale-out sql database a stabilized q3 map editor - git version code for creating twisted json-rpc servers and clients a simple and colorful sddm theme provides for an easy dynamic modification of a user's environment via modulefile. 3dna is a versatile, integrated software system for the analysis, rebuilding and visualization of three-dimensional nucleic-acid-containing structures. please see: http://forum.x3dna.org/site-announcements/download-instructions/ ros - rqt_common_plugins metapackage provides ros backend graphical tools suite that can be used on/off of robot runtime. a small and powerful statechart implementation poker-engine is a python library that implements poker rules according to variants and betting structures specified in configuration a logic game based on the puzzle game sokoban - data files a library of polyhedral functions ros - usb video class driver library. a user-friendly, customizable image viewer specifically designed to handle comic books rapid image mounting/unmounting in userspace using fuseiso. terminal/cli only version. radeon cards monitoring utility ros - rqt_py_console is a python gui plugin providing an interactive python console. ttf font for korean, english and japanese yandex music integration for nuvola player. universal media server: a dlna-compliant upnp media server. build based on java 8. nvidia driver utilities and libraries (long lived branch) fractal generator for the xwindow system, intergrates with xscreensaver a library to decode several popular sound file formats, patched for sdl2, pkg-config and ima-adpcm support (development version) german translation for ultravnc viewer a simple console contact manager command-line cloud music player for linux with spotify, google play music, youtube, soundcloud, and dirble support check for spelling errors in pod files a set of serial programs for partitioning graphs, partitioning finite element meshes, and producing fill reducing orderings for sparse matrices dfilemanager, a qt based crossplatform file browser. command-line x11 automation tool (git version) vim syntax highlighting for ferm scripts entangle is an application which uses gtk and libgphoto2 to provide a graphical interface for tethered photography with digital cameras. a command line program to process audio files with lv2 plugins qremotecontrol is a remote control application for your mobile phone. this is the server part of qremotecontrol. vnc server acting as a proxy app::perlall - build, test and do with all perls ldap module for php this package adds some image processing options to the 'epkowa' backend. included are: - skew correction - autocropping programs for working with maps and geodata http://htmlentities.rubyforge.org/ geospatial data management and analysis, image processing, graphics/maps production, spatial modeling and visualization. perl modile providing database-independent schema objects library implementation of the media transfer protocol a simple tc command wrapper tool. easy to set up traffic control of network bandwidth/latency/packet loss/packet-corruption to a network interface. utility library for functional programming in lua saturation equalizer. 6-bands equalizer, brightness adjustment, auto white calibration and more. ethereum miner with opencl, cuda and stratum support (precompiled binary) suricata rules from emergingthreatspro.com x.org vmware video driver. git version a tool for creating and managing heroku apps from the command line capitaine cursors - an x-cursor theme inspired by macos and based on kde breeze machine code to llvm binary translator. utility to format and make bootable usb drives sencha cmd provides a collection of powerful, time-saving features that work together and in conjunction with the sencha ext js and sencha touch frameworks frida is an interactive disassembler based on llvm and qt sprintf-like string formatting capabilities with convert dnsmasq-china-list to dnsmasq, unbound and bind format, with multiple nameservers support user-mode driver and gtk3 based gui for steam controller utility that helps with local tcp ports managment. it can find an unused tcp localhost port and remember the association. build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) program prefixing for continuous workflow using a single tool wxwidgets gtk2 toolkit (gnome/gstreamer free!) (32 bits) a fast floating window manager collection of scripts that help managing multiple audio interfaces with jack a python module allowing for instant inlining of c and c code in python a framework for writing matcher objects, allowing you to declaratively define "match" rules the open-xchange imap bundle ibm tivoli storage manager client lightweight brightness control tool add numbered shortcuts to common git commands upnp dlna digital media server open source re-creation of the popular game dune ii dutch dictionary for wps office fillinform for catalyst a utility for making and unpacking starkits. sane drivers from brother for brscan4 compatible models joblib is a set of tools to provide lightweight pipelining in python. inkblot reports on the remaining ink levels in a wide variety of usb and parallel connected printers. common natural language processing tasks for python general-purpose build system modelled after scons the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security (0.9.8 branch) message transfer agent with maximal-enabled features calvin and hobbes fortune cookies python interface to dbus notifications tester for mpris2 clients functionality a cryptographer's e-learning application. you can use it to apply and analyse cryptographic algorithms. a lightweight, customizable window manager with a virtual desktop a library of tools and reusable code for adaptive diagramming applications cpan/file::xdg -- basic implementation of the xdg base directory spec nvidia driver utilities and libraries (vulkan developer beta version) a command-line journal that is distributed and encrypted. generate openstreetmap files from the french cadastre through its pdf export a small little library that was created by pulling out some common code out of indicator-applet (gtk 2 library) enterprise vpn server oriya language pack for firefox beta a micro framework to enable rapid development of xbmc plugins. a graphical front end for udisks and mount a couple of full-dark, neutral-gray themes (for gtk2, gtk3, shell, and gdm) using the equilux palette. base font collection meta package, ported from infinality. header files and scripts for building modules for xanmod linux kernel - lts branch a peer-to-peer instant messaging system built on tor hidden services (git version) cli tool for angular a user interface for ftp file transfer mpi parallel map and cluster scheduling easy to use graph-based procedural seamless texture editor gui to combine photos to get deeper dof or hdr the linux-lts-surface4 kernel and modules for microsoft surface pro 4 piff is a python software package for modeling the point-spread function (psf) across multiple detectors in the full field of view an emulator of colecovision, sega master system, atari jaguar and 3do consoles. small c code which creates dependencies graphs using ldd and graphviz simple tracing and debugging support for perl 6 grammars movie creator from photos and video clips japanese curvy and gentle style font. pluggable output processor is an engine to wrap any executabe and capture its output through a pluggable module to colorize it and/or (re)format hidden markov models in python with scikit-learn like api supergenpass python module and gtk interface epson printer driver (wf-2010, wf-2510, wf-2520, wf-2530, wf-2540) integrated development  performance environment for chuck calculations for the position of the sun and moon. reimplementation of the game engine of theme hospital flat remix gnome theme is a pretty simple shell theme inspired on material design (git version) a return to castle wolfenstein single player engine mod to make cooperative play possible ros - rosnode is a command-line tool for displaying debug information about ros nodes, including publications, subscriptions and connections. shell script analysis tool (latest git commit) bcrypt hashing for flask generation of bin_prot readers and writers from types tidy module for php modular visual interface for gdb in python the yesod helper executable. kernel module driver for comtrol rocketport express infinity rocketmodem serial rs-232 422 485 port ros - smart battery messages. lightweight, cross-platform integrated development environment antileech library for amule-dlp java implementation of the sac css api awk wrapper that provides support for modules an alternative script for running sbt the classic 1982 text-mode game, ported from the original dos executable transparent socks proxying library - multilib version python bindings for the zopfli compressor bacula - a network backup tool (management gui) ros - this stack provides python bindings for qt. daemon to add docker containers to dnsmasq subprocesses for humans 2.0 gimp scheme (.scm) script for splitting separate sub-images from a composite image that has a uniform background. creates a new image from each; will call the \'deskew\' plugin on each image (if it is installed). code completion for rust lua 5.3 bindings for iup gui toolkit pythonic api to linux uinput kernel module a console over xmpp. all the commands of the mod_admin_telnet module are available from an xmpp client. python client for baidu yun (personal cloud storage) 百度云/百度网盘 python 客户端 coin-or qp solver with online active set strategy fast paced fps game efficient computation of rna folding dynamics cli safebooru grabber in python 3 a dynamic resource editor for x toolkit applications lv2 plugin host for pd, purr-data version simple screenshot crop & upload fly small and agile ships in varied maps side-scrolling shoot 'em up '80s style arcade game gods deluxe, remake of the platform game gods by bitmap brothers ews gateway allows you to access the embedded web server (ews) on several models of hp printers via usb under linux. ansi terminal tool for python, colored shell and other handy fancy features a qt based application for the digital bitbox hardware wallet classic tomb raider open-source engine transform nested json data into tabular data in the shell a library to parse an exif file and read the data from those tags (32-bit) header files and scripts for building modules for linux-wave kernel library for the dri2 extension to the x window system a completely unstable and experimental package that extends torch's builtin nn library a python package for handling physical quantities. a sophisticated standalone keyboard launcher. without qml and virtualbox dependencies library parsing 010 templates into an ast. userspace interface to kernel drm services, git 32-bit version applications useful for plasma development cross-platform desktop application that allows users to trade national currency (dollars, euros, etc) for bitcoin without relying on centralized exchanges c program to display system infomation alongside the arch linux logo a program for indexing and searching emails high-level, high-performance, dynamic programming language (compiled with the intel mkl library) read data stored by other statistical analysis software. a qt/c wrapper around libface library to perform face recognition and detection over pictures free python library for accessing datove schranky a package to read and write csv. provides high-level database-like handlers. audio only game of horseshoes -- master branch. one-file composer scripts. the set of basic troff macros and an output device for neatroff. fortune quotes from pretty little liars an x11 window manager designed for maximum efficiency colord integration for kde frameworks 5 mgetty is a versatile program to handle all aspects of a modem under unix. jc_gui is a frontend to jconvolver python client for influxdb a flat theme without transparent elements for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell. latest commit from the master branch on github. linux latex equation editor. library and utilities designed to disable fsync and friends ros - the actionlib_tutorials package. functions to perform frequently used programming tasks open source high-performance computational chemistry (debian binary build) portolan internet measurement tool simple perl 6 class to calculate a crc32 checksum of a string trained language data for tesseract ocr engine debian package upload tool acl support for catalyst applications. tracker program for composing music for the c64 sid chip (stereo sid version) uncover the identity of a jester assassin. unlock the legend of the knights templar. unravel a plot as twisted as the catacombs you're about to prowl. lightweight audio thumbnailer that can be used by file managers meter-bus library and utility programs a dmenu-based app launcher for x and terminals. launches binaries and xdg shortcuts. a shared memory parallel sparse matrix library including sparse blas. songs archive for musical midi accompaniment (mma) visual docker container management yell - your extensible logging library fuzzy string matching like a boss lv2 port for the tap (tom's audio processing) plugins optimize your hyperparameters c hdfs fuse implementation, no libhdfs plugin which uses clang for accurately completing c and c code. git version. xep-0363: allow clients to upload files over http. network of teleporter-boxes that allow easy travelling to other boxes on the same network (mod for minetest) mpv player plugin for vdr displays an update-notification tray icon plugins for cairo-dock sodium is an editor inspired by vim (but not a clone). it aims to be efficient, fast, and productive. command line client utilities for ws-management ecmwf decoding library for grib, bufr and gts provides methods for fully evaluating data structures (deep evaluation) cpython bindings generator for c libraries a free music score editor for linux. rutracker proxy app based at electron  angularjs serpent compiler, installed as a python module a free library used to connect qt and libvlc libraries tool that shows dependencies of arch linux packages in a graphical format the powerful translator on qt5 - git version cufflinks assembles transcripts, estimates their abundances, and tests for differential expression and regulation in rna-seq samples.. register wine interpreter a brainfuck interpreter supporting linux syscalls harmonic tide clock and tide predictor various middleware for faraday adwaita theme for thunderbird (matches the default gnome shell theme) moksha diskio module - built from git sources an html-embedded scripting language a command-line stream parser for beautifying css. a javascript library for producing dynamic, interactive data visualizations. cli frontend in ncurses for tox converts ape-image to mp3-tracks compatibility between systemd and zfs roots adv realtime image filtering: quality filtering for lucky imaging. arduino prototyping platform sdk a cli tool designed to make working with codeship pro faster and easier review, annotate, and edit pdf documents a url retrieval utility and library (http/2 enabled) control networkmanager via dmenu a lightweight configuration management tool an assembler for the 6502 microprocessor voice recordings for freeswitch lua frontend to the openssl cryptographic library a fantasy console for making, sharing and playing tiny games and other computer programs. test your synopsis code reverses the page order of a pdf file. firmware for thomson speedtouch modems this is a modified wiringpi for orangepi. we call it wiringop. (git-version) greek polytonic fonts by spiros krontiris simon is an open source speech recognition program that can replace your mouse and keyboard. the system is designed to be as flexible as possible and will work with any language or dialect 'true cloud storage' -- a fuse filesystem where the data is stored only in the internet itself, as icmp echo packets (pings) travelling from you to remote servers and back again. (use with care. it's only for hackvalue, not for productive use.) cli frontend for avidemux. (git version) a thing that takes a string of perl and rewrites its documentation pipes screensaver for bash ros - a python and c implementation of the lz4 streaming format. kde bluetooth framework implementation of the extended tiny encryption algorithm client for the network time protocol (ntp) a software-defined radio receiver for mode s transponder signals, including ads-b reports from equipped aircraft. pretty good privacy for python - a pure python openpgp implementation. inspect the aursec blockchain lv2/jack audio plug-ins for musicians (git version) feature-rich and easy to handle cd burning application. (git version) a bug-finding tool for concurrency and weak-memory bugs in c and c programs view journald logs with electron appimage. build an install file boost::geometry::utils - bindings for the boost geometry library a markdown editor with inline preview osmc installer allows you to install osmc on a variety of devices. self hosted kanban board for gitlab issues (precompiled binary) mopidy-podcast extension for searching and browsing podcasts on gpodder.net utility to allow switching workspaces by their position on the output a collection of small bash scripts for heavy terminal users use portend to monitor tcp ports for bound or unbound states. ciao - cloud integrated advanced orchestrator a top-down adventure game set in a gritty futuristic dystopian city - german language command-line debugger frontend for rakudo automatic reply bot for gnu social. openvpn configuration files and helper for protonvpn.com automatic advertisement detection movie player based on libvlc that can render to the oculus rift double-entry accounting ledger parser firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - kazakh a large free soundfont. begins makes creating command line applications in python easy. a wysiwyg text editor that aims at bringing the concept of a wiki to the desktop. git version hybrid editor xe, for working on both main-frame (spf editor) and pc. an automatic source code compiler linux cups drivers for smart label printers slp100 slp200 slp240 slp440 slp450 slp620 slp650 an effort to create the perfect programming language. a kml library written in c with bindings to other languages jump and throw and don't die! woah dave! a virtual network service for openstack - ryu plugin client for the free and distributed render farm library to look up timezone from lat lng offline indicator to take menus from applications and place them in the panel cluster engine for nodal communication systems with additional features for implementing high availability within applications. a browser plugin designed for the viewing of premium video content babel randomly generates character strings based on context free grammars. ayatana scrollbars, pointer-triggered overlay scrollbars to save screen real-estate. gtk3 filesystem benchmarks graphical program used to map keyboard keys and mouse controls to gamepad buttons (qt4 version) precision colors for machines and people. serial port terminal emulator embeds the ruby interpreter into apache springgraph - description pkgbuild syntax highlight support in gtksourceview2 for mousepad and others library for behavioural and neuroimaging experiments filtering ip dyn with iptables another unionfs implementation a family of perl modules to streamline writing nagios plugins show tooltip at point the most comprehensive testing and benchmarking platform available for linux, milestone version portable, extensible toolkit for scientific computation profiling and tracing toolkit for fortran, c, c, java and python programs simple interactive moonscript. android boot.img extractor/assembler handling multiple variants update file access and modification times, optionally creating files if needed plasma 5 image menu to compress, resize, convert, rotate and webexport feature-full driver for ocaml ast transformers program to use secretservice to keep docker credentials safe full disk encryption with yubikey (yubico key) - git checkout ros - the wiimote package allows ros nodes to communicate with a nintendo wiimote and its related peripherals, including the nunchuk, motion plus, and (experimentally) the classic. a customized bash shell suitable for git work. the award-winning all-in-one java profiler (version 9.x) a complete browser experience based on uzbl-core simple python library to deal with uri templates. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-rt kernel scene-oriented, flexible 3d engine written in c systemd script to fix ntrig touchscreen after wake from suspend/hibernation rime input method engine minimalistic tool to configure the routing of a local area network simple library to speed up or slow down speech elegant neteasemusic desktop app, rock with neteasemusic. fortune quotes from la femme nikita write graph as a quadractic matrix n x n, where n is the number of vertices in the graph. it is useful to visualize graphs with at least 1k vertices. text-based logo and system information program a program to undervolt amd 14h family processors (e350 at least). extract audio in high-quality mp3 from any video. alternative regular expression module, to replace re. html documentation for postgresql icon set based on neutral and jaguarx themes (white version) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine c-extensions for pypy fast and portable implementation of the ans forth language a desktop menu for compiz, forked from compiz-deskmenu by crdlb. introduces extensive icon support, pipeitems, recent documents list, and more ivy - a generic completion frontend for emacs, swiper - isearch with an overview, and more. oh, man! header files and scripts for building modules for linux-lts-surface4 kernel canon ts9020 mfc cups and scanner drivers viewer for manpages, gnu info, perldoc, and php (unix/linux/cygwin) stymulator is an open source (gpl license) player which plays music files in the ym chiptune format. dmenu interface for gpaste-client plugin for vapoursynth: knlmeanscl (git version) adds xinput support to wine without modifying the source binaries of wine. a free library providing windowing and widgets for graphics apis/engines (legacy version) all in one monitoring dockapplet solarized versions of numix gtk2 and gtk3 theme, compatible with gtk 3.20 jeux organ soundfont a pidgin plugin for shaking the conversation window on nudges/buzzes (svn) ros - rqt_action provides a feature to introspect all available ros action (from actionlib) types. plex integration for nuvola player. the greeter (login screen) application for unity. it is implemented as a lightdm greeter. neutron load balance as a service service flask-oauthlib is an extension to flask that allows you to interact with remote oauth enabled applications a reimplementation of the impulse tracker music editor. simple, fast, elegant and minimalistic image viewer, written in c(gtk) with a new gtkimageview library. git version literate programmer's editor, outliner, and project manager a font family for book production in the tradition of beautiful oldstyle typefaces musepack decoder/encoder lib. (svn version) this is a flat theme for ubuntu and other gnome based linux systems. golang tools tcl/gtk bindings, gnoclgconf module hyperparameter optimization for sklearn (scikit-learn) a program that will let you run and watch multiple processes and sockets. a next-gen music player built with electron. an ircv3-compliant python 3 irc library. plugin for vapoursynth: sangnom (hg version) a tool to simplify geocaching the depixelize binary provided with libdepixelize compressed and encrypted backups with xz and gpg script and settings for x dpms android x86 atom system image, api-19 a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the arm64 target mud client programmed in tcl refit and justify all lines in a text file to some arbitrary width ros - stereo and single image rectification and disparity processing. sound effects from mint-artwork-cinnamon package for the cinnamon desktop. analyze disk content and files fragmentation by displaying its map a simple and easy-to-use c language rpc framework (including both server side & client side) based on gobject system. perl interface to the groestl digest algorithm a c development library for implementing lightweight http interfaces emacs interface to dictd dictionary servers. ros - a collection of .mk include files for building ros architectural elements. a gamecube emulator, part of the devkitppc project (including various utilities) the tangram chinese puzzle game a compression/decompression library (mingw-w64) python module for lyra2re. a note-taking kde application with the power of lightweight markup language python implementation of rfc3447 (pkcs1 v2) apparmor userspace utilities octave bindings to the gnu scientific library apple 2e emulator ros - provides a cmake config for the default version of gazebo for the ros distribution. a small utility making use of the pypdf library to provide a (somewhat) lighter alternative to pdftk qt-based client-side and server-side soap component canon inkjet printer driver (mg3500 series) forged alliance forever - lobby client. community-driven client system for supreme commander: forged alliance. redirect pacman requests, assisted by avahi service discovery - git checkout httmultiparty is a thin wrapper around httparty to provide multipart uploads. a library to create background applications with simple, automated foreground control tts - text to speech - program that uses the ivona speech cloud http api microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts an instruction-level emulator capable of arm, mips, powerpc, and superh library that provides official python bindings for the gnu mailman 3 rest api a frontend for qpm, to provide source and build caching graphical two-pane filemanager for gnome share your terminal as a web application iio accelerometer sensor to input device proxy journal, fax-software and call-monitor for avm fritz!box or compatible arramooz alwaseet: arabic dictionary for morphological analysis utility similar to 'toolwait' on the sun platform global and local alignment of rnas microchip libraries for applications (current) extracts metadata about the head of a repository proboscis is a python test framework that extends python’s built-in unittest module and nose with features from testng. small youtube-dl binary kde cddb library. (git version) a quakec compiler gui for configuring notify-osd-customizable controls home automation with max! eq3 system image processing library for oqapy gnat components collection. dfmt is a formatter for d source code login wrapper to enable guest accounts a multi-model graph database based on postgresql. postgres gis extensions (from git) ensure that a platform has weaken support gordon’s text utils library the systemd project's logind, extracted to a standalone package for use on systems without systemd installed color up arbitrary command output management plugin for gpg fish shell like syntax highlighting for zsh polygon clipping library (mingw-w64) runs a terminal based editor inside your repl session mate user guide non-interactive version of mememaker with no bundled images parser for semantic robot description format (srdf). music pack for the wings2 game qt library for google talks an open source git extension for versioning large files lightweight unit testing framework for c adafruit's beaglebone io python library validate and sanity-check geojson files (geojsonlint) an innovative (and beta) hybrid floating/tiling wm. the linux-next-git kernel and modules a new lightweight, modular, and scalable deep learning framework (git version, gpu enabled) a library for polling gpsd in python3 a desktop news aggregator for online news feeds and weblogs - unstable comprehensive http client library, supporting many features (build for pypy) a small sample cross-platform networking library perl::sender::transport::smtps crossplatform http benchmarking tool written in go castilian dictionary written using qt5 a pretty theme for latex beamer framework that provides many components and patterns for developing high-performance, distributed real-time and embedded systems. cli tool for extracting images and sounds from visual novels. lightweight pure c library built to use minimal cpu and memory resources, and provide fast throughput in both directions. (mingw-w64) an extensible vi layer for emacs ros - this library provides a standardized interface for processing data as a sequence of filters. f-secure virus world map console edition versatile object-oriented toolkit for coarse-graining applications (votca) is a package intended to reduce the amount of routine work when doing systematic coarse-graining of various systems. (library) distributed hash table for decentralized peer-to-peer computer networks utilities for f*ex, a web service to send very large files. model airplane flight simulation program. mercurial version. a python interface to sendfile(2) lha archive support for python 2 eset mail security provides comercial antivirus and antispam novaclient extension for instance default network flags madsonic mashup mod is a fork of the subsonic 4.8 server build 3436 with some subsonic data schema modifications! download, install and play quake singleplayer maps from the quaddicted.com archive xfce theme to plasma 5's breeze theme. a python library that uses path expression strings to get and set values in json alias lexical variables universal interface for ftp-like modules (ftp, sftp, scp), in most cases net::ftp compatible. various plugins for geany a python extension to parse bibtex files. sphinx-based blogging engine coco is a compiler generator sql*plus for oracle instant client base16 for vim gui for managing windows programs under linux (development version based on java) library for picotech oscilloscope software u-boot for i.mx53 quick start board program you will need to use to perform the initial reciva radio patch a gimp script that does descreening using the fft fourier plugin. an improved implementation of the message passing interface. a python wrapper for the jenkins rest api which aims to provide a more conventionally pythonic way of controlling a jenkins server the gnu debugger (powerpc-wrs-vxworks) approximate grep for fast fuzzy string searching. python 3 library for evaluating binary logistic regressions fitted with scikit-learn. statistical analysis and plotting routines to evaluate binary logistic regressions a view on a given directory that splits large files into segments implemented as fuse file system. an additional filesystem that merges such segments into regular files is included as well. aur package by raansu, project by seiferma a haskell binding for glfw a program for computing the band structures and electromagnetic modes the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security with chacha20 support (32-bit) filter to join two nmon output files into one modern, legacy free, simple yet efficient vim-like editor - git checkout starbound, an extraterrestrial sandbox adventure game (client  server, gog-version) customize the three basic lists (enumerate, itemize and description) openjdk java 8 sources (with jetbrains patches) freeware cad software for dwg/dxf files. ssh agent plugin for keepass - beta version lab is a desktop app for mac, windows, and linux, that makes it a joy to get started with ionic. shell script which checks for aur (local) packages which need rebuild according to findbrokenpkgs encrypts data from stdin to stdout espresso is a new theme based on macchiato 0.3. python interface to umfpack sparse direct solver. gpu-switch is an application to switch between the integrated and dedicated gpu of dual-gpu macbook pro models for the next reboot. freedos line editor kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-userns kernel a powerful ide for embedded programming in python that enables the iot all man's social problems are coming to a boil. under the claustrophobic lid of a steel sky. a iterations per second enhancement to benchmark. qt material design implementation of achtung die kurve with online multiplayer utility to recover files from corrupted or reformatted gamecube memory cards (aka gcn memcard recover) simple, cross-platform, pure python module to display message boxes, and just message boxes. language-independent machine translation engine and tools to manage language data. an interface to the gnu readline library for archvdr project! plugin that allows to display of digital images on the tv screen a safe and secure chat client stereoscopic 3d video player with opengl ui header files and scripts for building modules for linux-surfacepro3-rt kernel c class library for efficient data types and algorithms french locale for keepass manuskript is an open-source tool for writers (git version). a fork spacefm multi-panel tabbed file manager networkmanager with consolekit support for non-systemd systems and user applications symlink to ncurses for use in cuda and other packages (legacy) tool for spliting compressed audio cd image to tracks with filling tags from cue sheet info. pep 257 docstring style checker. c headers and binutils linker scripts for microcontrollers in the msp430 family utility for managing short timers in real time gtk greeter for lightdm acs script compiler for use with zdoom and/or hexen a virtual printer for viewing a document before printing it out using the physical printer perform the same request against two http servers and diff the results memcache module for php 5.3 build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) nersc shifter: linux containers for hpc (with slurm support) plugin for vapoursynth: rgsf (git version) bans ips after too many failed authentication attempts (git version) on-line gallery generator based on igal viewer for kinect one (kinect v2) in ros. ros - kobuki message and service types: custom messages and services for kobuki packages. check your code for stuff before you 'git commit' the herd toolsuite to deal with .cat memory models network design and emulation software for cisco's networking academy instructors and students. ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j5910dw printer camlistore is a set of open source formats, protocols, and software for modeling, storing, searching, sharing and synchronizing data in the post-pc era. a single api across platforms for executing a command in a child process. an oop-ish interface for accessing a weblog via the blogger xml-rpc api. a password hashing framework with bcrypt and pbkdf2. amule patched for fastweb network (italy) by adunanza forum. (only daemon, cli tools and webserver) python interface to libarchive firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - portuguese (brazilian) an adaptive gtk theme based on material design guidelines instantly download any song (git version) a simple tetris remake mac spoofing with a restricted range of oui prefixes core python libraries ported to micropython webapp for zarafa simple method to get strong randomness. takes multiple nzb input files and merges them together. mozilla html5 implementation of flash for palemoon a simple script to modify password store entries with sed commands a suite of utilities simplilfying linux networking stack performance troubleshooting and tuning an interpreter for the yodascirpt language batch file renamer for programmers runtime gcc 4.9 libraries for multilib a compact operating system designed for building distributed and networked systems. (mercurial) canon ij printer driver (for mg2500 series) python one-liners in the shell in the spirit of perl and awk gui frontend for bibtex, written in java a remake of classic snake game written in python charting program for java a command-line utility for quickly finding duplicates in a given set of files udev polish man pages window decoration for aurorae, based on breeze and dynamo. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine an easy-to-use http client library. portable library mainly aimed at video game and multimedia programming (mingw-w64) enables windows vst's to be used as linux vst's in linux vst capable daw's a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator, with osvr cross-hmd support arel really exasperates logicians arel is a sql ast manager for ruby libnd4j is a c library for exposing accelerated arrays to java a lightweight lossless file minifier/optimizer. serif font used for 1780 edition of el quijote java based software for 'levelling' gcode file for use on a cnc machine xs speedups for class::c3 x neko project ii, a pc-9801 emulator a java management console framework used for remote server management. a text formatting and conversion tool - development version tex live - additional fonts from the site irmologion.ru to typeset church slavonic text ocaml binding to the fixed-point mp3 encoding library shine music player server with a web-based interface vndc - vndc is not a direct clone (of vnds ;p) gtk dmenu clone the gui for chigraph, a visual programming language modular geoinformation service built on the d-bus messaging system. tools for encrypting files with one-time pads. simple myanimelist client object file converter and disassembler an easy livecd creator built in python. supports hybrid isos/usb, ipxe, and uefi. pomodoro timer for your favourite productivity tool implmementation of asyncio using glib auto-update gps_a data for sony alpha cameras nonblocking jabber/xmpp library, used by gajim demoscene/retro music player scriba compiler for a powerful scripting language/api other humanist sans inspired by edward johnston's and eric gill's typefaces, from pablo impallari a liberal object-oriented parser for rss simple python interface for graphviz. easily create and extract .zip, .tar, .tar.gz, .tar.bz2, .tar.xz, and .rar (extract-only) files with go a collection of pacman and package-related utilities. ddracenetwork skin database a modern, high-performance browser engine being developed for application and embedded use standalone web browser from mozilla.org - beta a simple vte-based terminal without gtk client side decorations. perfect for waylandsway users. python-based u2f host library by yubico complete path name based upon the pinyin acronym of chinese characters python wrapper for ssdeep fuzzy hashing library simple and easy functions for common bitcoin operations ros - holds the action description and relevant messages for the move_base package. popular rage faces in pidgin advanced cross-platform rhythm game designed for home and arcade use xtrace fakes an x server and forwards all connections to a real x server, displaying the communication between the clients and the server in a human readable form a rudp library for python celestia addon: spacecraft: earth orbit: hubble space telescope chinese text-to-speech (tts) software for cantonese, mandarin, zhaoan hakka, tibetan, ngangien and korean vi improved, a highly configurable, improved version of the vi text editor (with gnome gui) bitcoin full node and query server dispatcher script for generating ntpd.conf bazaar plugin to find a bug using binary search ros - components of moveit that use ros. whois client interface for perl5. plugin for vapoursynth: nnedi3_resample (git version) sample configuration for demonstrating freeswitch a small python script that accepts a list of directories containing flac files as arguments and converts them to mp3 with the specified options. it can optionally create a torrent file. a gimps, distributed computing project client, dedicated to finding mersenne primes. a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtxmlpatterns) brother hl-1200 cups driver (based on the hl-1210w driver package). after installing this, connect the printer and install it from cups web interface (default localhost:631) python library to admin and deploy ceph “dependency-less” phar version of phpdocumentor2 (works with php 7) a software library for rapid development of hardware-accelerated multitouch applications. simple library to make working with stl files (and 3d objects in general) fast and easy. an open source style and grammar checker (more than 30 languages) nutstore experimental version. the kde-telepathy plasma desktop applets integrate wdb instead of werkzeug debugger for flask applications lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server, with nginx-rtmp-module this is an attempt to create emmet plugin for monodevelop. free version of the ssl/tls protocol forked from openssl - exprimental only provides posix tarchive management from ruby programs. modern, efficient menu for the mate desktop environment. a graphical audio file editor, not bloated, simple to use. supports ladspa-plugins. (note: the package's dependencies can be minimised by changing the pkgbuild's ./configure-script.) manage mail using notmuch convenience script for qtcreator usage unpacks .zip archives with non-latin filenames, using libnatspec patch from altlinux. pypdf2 library for python2 the ultimate tool to rename tv/anime shows, download subtitles, and validate checksums. communicate with nitrokey stick devices in a clean and easy manner telegram client by aseman land a free font editor that lets you create vector graphics and export ttf, eot & svg fonts extutils::makemaker - create a module makefile java cpu and memory profiler. a set of 700 fullhd pokemon wallpapers made by teej/tophat. store your sessions via dbix::class utility to control msi steelseries keyboards, written in c load uri::escape::xs preferentially over uri::escape urw classico font from ctan (for texlive) stream google play music using any media-player han old script typeface font, for japanese a helper for compiling dwm in userspace (default=6.1) mozilla network security services with chacha20-poly1305 (32-bit) rocm platform runtime: closed source utils chatterbot is a machine learning, conversational dialog engine. japanese morphological analysis engine written in pure python a sudo frontend for kde manage complex tmux sessions easily gpu enabled docker-compose wrapper bip-0044 compliant multi-currency wallet based on electrum. extendable with chainkey modules to most coins! a manga inspired, massively multiplayer online role-playing game (mmorpg) for adobe air . x window system port of yaft (yet another framebuffer terminal) kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-lts316 kernel pythonic javascript that doesn't suck run custom commands when headphones are (un)plugged shortcuts to resolve paths and devices to mount points a script-based language for scientific graphics programming the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security (0.9.8 branch) multiple alignment of nucleic acid and protein sequences infrastructure for manipulating intervals on sequences a support package for gpib (ieee 488) hardware - python 3 bindings the noble lightweight gui package manager  update notifier (with full aur support) a windowmaker dock applet for email reporting. a small linux framebuffer virtual terminal. various amigaos tools for other platforms unicodedata backport/updates a 3d game that probably involves a lot of physics and frustrating gameplay. udisks2 command-line interface with zsh completion, written in python3 a windowmaker dock applet resembling a miniature pinboard. set an x input device as the main pointer the reference net workshop - feature structure plug-in brother cups and lpr driver for dcp-1510, dcp-1510r, dcp-1511, dcp-1512, dcp-1512r, dcp-1518 an user friendly interface to devilspie window matching daemon implementation of the stable model semantics for logic programs opengl to postscript printing library list available *.desktop files and search in their content. a curses-based mpd client written in python. gnu grand unified bootloader (2) - libzfs support pantum m6200-m6500-m6550-m6600-ms6000 series linux driver v1.4.0 ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) latex package with unofficial thesis template for students of wrocław university of technology high-performance implementation of lolcat concurrent ml-like concurrency for guile trained language data for tesseract ocr engine library for sending desktop notifications apertium language data for the english-catalan (including valencian) translator. interface for polish-english collins dictionary heroes of might & magic iii and its expansions: armageddon's blade and the shadow of death (with hd patch) mosh is a free and fast interpreter for scheme as specified in the r6rs. utilities for interacting with kcmodules a program to compare theoretical models against many recent experimental analyses epson printer driver (px-403a) a lightweight hotkey daemon uuid - perl extension for using uuid interfaces as defined in e2fsprogs. ghost-compatible blogging platform written in golang generator for efl's pickler/unpickler library, eet lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-9130cw subversion foreign branch support for bazaar common user passwords profiler run javascript code from ruby a cdparanoia, lame and musicbrainz.org frontend written in python. convenient tool created to allow you to quickly search for files in your computer, using one of the supported search engines (i.e. tracker and recoll) prism is a probabilistic model checker, a tool for formal modelling and analysis of systems that exhibit random or probabilistic behaviour handles the loading and management of configuration files, plugins, and other filesystem resources such as temporary files and directories, log files, etc linux bus user service that provides an implementation of freedesktop trash spec c library to read hrtfs if they are stored in the aes69-2015 sofa format a virtual network service for openstack - metering agent a 3d tetris/blockout game a free upnp a/v media server for linux (mp4 video playback added) qt frontend of waifu2x. a simple gtk2-based joystick tester and calibrator a truetype chess font for diagrams and figurine notation easy to use multimedia transcoder for the gnome desktop free peer-reviewed portable c source libraries - runtime (32 bit) workplace chat that improves your productivity. a portable game notation (pgn) manipulator for chess games django-environ allows you to utilize 12factor inspired environment variables to configure your django application plugin for vapoursynth: minsharp (git version) pspell module for php padre::plugin::regexexplain - a padre plugin for regex explainations atmospheric puzzle platformer for 1-players or 2-players built in partnership with the alaska native community (humblebundle version) fast messaging system built on sockets, c and c bindings. aka 0mq, zmq. (mingw-w64) zx2c4's pass compatible library and cli a beautiful handwriting font of unknown origin, first popularized by e.w.dijkstra. a highly configurable toolkit for training 3d/2d cnns and general neural networks library for accessing sybase and ms sql server databases (32-bit) ros - qt_gui_cpp provides the foundation for c-bindings for qt_gui and creates bindings for every generator available. the new and refreshed manga downloader based on lmd an opinionated lxc wrapper (en)python interface for overclock/underclock your nvidia gpu with proprietary driver - (fr)interface en pyqt pour overclocker/underclocker les gpu nvidia avec le pilote proprio" a terminal built on web technologies a tool for optimizing the compression of png files (with bundled libpng and zlib) bass audio library - effects add-on gns3 network simulator. server package. ros - this package retrieves data from url-format files such as http://, ftp://, package:// file://, etc., and loads the data into memory. opengl zdoom port with client/server multiplayer. (development branch checkout) python undo/redo engine for plain text and wxpython textctrl time series library for python. a c library for loading xdf files the linux-kpatch kernel and modules cups back-end for the canon printers using the proprietary usb over ip bjnp protocol an astc (adaptive scalable texture compression) encoder and decoder open source command-line rtmp client standard ml to javascript compiler adds task icons grouped by workspace to the panel. a qt reprap gcode sender/host controller tiny xml parsing library guest kernel modules for virtualbox running under linux-lqx. celestia addon: fictional: star wars: x-wing gstreamer transcoding api asn.1 analyze tool a c framework for mdps and pomdps with python bindings libpurple plugin for the heroes of newerth chat server wraps your readme-only projects in a dynamic sphinx shell for hosting on http://readthedocs.org tracks your most used directories, based on 'frecency' perl moosex::mungehas cpan module jupiter broadcasting integration for nuvola player. custom gtk3 widgets rtl8723bs wifi driver working on baytrail tablets dkms version ros - the visulalization_marker_tutorials package. none bpf compiler collection - python 2 bindings rxvt-unicode terminal emulator (urxvt) with wcwidth callback for better wide glyph handling of xft fonts a modern, minimalist javascript photo gallery czech thesaurus plugin for teamspeak 3. allows follwing users through channels. generate osm contour lines from nasa srtm data the swift programming language compiler and tools - development snapshot interactive source code browsing tool for c (and other languages) mcrypt module for php config files for arch-tmpfiles (for systems without systemd) breeze contrast cursor theme. manage all server websites from one interface the insidious big brother database version 3 myanimelist command line interface an ansi c implementation of dynamic arrays to provide an approximation to the c vector class digital mars d programing language (dmd) frontend for gcc. a parallel, smp-based, bzip2-compatible compression utility ros - contains a set of tools that can be used from a hard realtime thread, without breaking the realtime behavior. monochrome arch linux theme for plymouth a lightweight library for converting complex objects to and from simple python datatypes. functions for managing fastcgi applications empowers data scientists and business analysts to effortlessly design predictive analytics from mashup to modeling to deployment icon theme for kde4 common files used by ipa microsoft azure sdk for python the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. a beautiful cross platform desktop player for google play music. communicate with nitrokey stick devices in a clean and easy manner an open source library for artificial neural networks. git version a lean snippet manager based on github gist luppp is a live performance tool, created by openav productions ftool is a program designed for instruction on the analysis of plane frame structures an open-source environment for processing and displaying functional mri data a git commit browser. latest git version super mario war multiplayer game (development version) a modern, netwm compliant, bitmap theme-based x11 panel. computer algebra with pure: a reduce interface soutane ttf typefaces powerful suite for schematic capture and printed circuit board design (aka eaglecad) measure image size using pure ruby. smack userspace convert eml files to pdf. bbc micro emulator a framework for creation and generation of reports in multiple formats. (git version) the kinematics and dynamics library is a framework for modelling and computation of kinematic chains an otf font family with a great monospaced variant for programmers. command line loader for the teensy microprocessor boards simple gui to control the various xfce4 wm tweaks that are not available via the "window manager tweaks" control panel. set of commodore 64 truetype fonts openstack common libraries - internationalization and translation library compiz configuration system library firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - thai command line trashcan (recycle bin) interface cryptographic and general-purpose routines for secure systems lab projects at nyu deprecated rfcomm tool from bluez imap(s)/pop3(s) and smtp server with ml-manager, webmail and webconfig collection of audio handling programs which work from the command line (git version) the social-engineer toolkit (set) a simple periodic table of elements viewer using the efl a text widget adding syntax highlighting and more to gnome plv8js is a procedural language add-on for postgresql lpr and cups driver for the brother hl-2230 printer control usb per-port power switching on smart usb hubs solarflare enhanced ptp daemon. lightweight multi-platform, multi-architecture assembler framework dxt compression library bindings to libarchive with lwt support (with yypkg patches) other lovely bold condensed script, from pablo impallari mingw-w64 crt for windows 3d engine with python bindings. runtime and web plugin. dynamic computations using spatial algebra. lossless jpeg re-compressor. redshift-gtk rewrite with c/qt a python wrapper for vnc client operations. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - aragonese a high performance minecraft map renderer bocal lightweight interface for humans, git repositories and ssh public keys management tool for epitech students rfc 3986 compliant, unicode-aware, scheme-agnostic replacement for urlparse standalone apps from xscreensaver, including phosphor and apple2 terminals. puzzle game inspired by oxyd on the atari st and rock'n'roll on the amiga (development version) interactive gcc. real-eval-print loop for c/c programmers. easy, powerful access to python functions from the command line. symantec ghost for linux a free, open source, portable framework for opengl application development (legacy 2.x) ros - dock driving library for kobuki. a library for accessing serial ports on posix systems (git version) minor modes to highlight indentation guides in emacs. communicate with redmine thought the api ncurses bittorrent client based on libtorrent with vi like keybindings and color patch. dolphin integration for insync (kf5) mesa 3-d graphics library - non-libglvnd version shogi program ported from stockfish combined with gpsshogi's evaluation function and other shogi stuffs pybtex reads citation information from a file and produces a formatted bibliography. restart daemons after library updates. a cookies spoof tool a two-way integration between vim and ipython 0.11 a tool to modify the video bios of the 800 and 900 series intel graphics chipsets ksysguard a simple window focus toggler library for nintendo ds homebrew development aka 'libfilesystem' c0 package for 15-122 lightweight, cross-platform integrated development environment x keyboard configuration files with russian bepo layout patch checks and undeletes partitions. includes photorec signature based recovery tool. wip version solution of bezier curves steelseries rival configuration tool c library providing blake2b, blake2s, blake2bp, blake2sp hash functions various powerline patched fonts use external players in vdr an open tool implementing some recommended practices for analyzing alchemical free energy calculations tidy module for php event-driven asynchronous and concurrent networking engine with high performance for php. dvd authoring program with nice and clean gui libretro port of mednafen saturn high frequency performance measurements for linux the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lalframe irc client daemon get a desktop notification after a command finishes executing ros - this package attempts to show the features of ros python api step-by-step, including using messages, servers, parameters, etc. a user-level socks and port forwarding proxy for openconnect based on lwip encrypted cloud storage for your confidential files. using tresorit, files are encrypted before being uploaded to the cloud. start encrypting files for free. a parallel graph partitioning library gtk implementation of wxwidgets api for gui virtualbox host kernel modules for lts kernel python replacement for java.util.properties. ros - a 2d navigation stack that takes in information from odometry, sensor streams, and a goal pose and outputs safe velocity commands that are sent to a mobile base. script to display the time in natural language. english, french, german, italian and spanish a tool for building artifacts from source and injecting into docker images gns3 network simulator. server package. an opinionated code formatter for javscript, es2017, jsx, flow, typescript, json, css, less, scss, graphql, markdown detects the super i/o of your mainboard and provides information about its register contents java library for xz and lzma compression an xdvdfs .iso (xbox iso) file extraction and creation tool. a user identification daemon for linux a c11 implementation of the kademlia dht (distributed hash table) loudness measurement according to ebu-r128. file-synchronization tool provides video conferencing, instant messaging, white board, collaborative document editing and other groupware tools using the red5 streaming server quick command-line file completion mopidy sqlite local library extension sony dualshock 4 userspace driver minecraft patcher to fix textures with higher than default resolution. for minecraft versions 1.4.x and earlier. ros - standalone python library for generating ros message and service data structures for various languages. a free arcade-puzzle 2d game in which you have to break all the target pieces check if your manifest matches your distro test your internet connection speed and ping using speedtest.net from the cli a command-line based opensubtitles.org downloader small and fast address book written in c and gtk2 plugins for geany library to manipulate tensors on the gpu font manager for linux portable and modular sip user-agent with audio and video support open-source collection of software tools written in c for performing partial differential equation (pde) analysis and solving pde-constrained optimization problems openssl encryption backend for hiera utilities for filesystem exploration and automated builds search-as-you-type cli frontend for the buku bookmarks manager using peco. lightweight, keyboard-driven, webkit based browser with vim keybinds. a qt/c gui front end to cryfs, gocryptfs, securefs and encfs japanese language pack for pale moon browser simple file manager systems programming language focused on safety, speed and concurrency (source code) a window manager based on nextstep interface see what a program does before deciding whether you really want it to happen. takes a given php source code base and look for several potential problems within that source. charset analyser and converter (32 bit) c bindings for mystem morphological analyser. ldap schema for fusiondirectory dhcp plugin a simple, yet very useful irc client math classes and functions for robot applications multiload panel plugin for xfce panel node version manager - simple bash script to manage multiple active node.js versions c language binding library integrating zeromq with boost asio a kde i/o slave for the locate command. kf5 ver. a command line client for folding@home inspect the aursec blockchain uncertainty treatment library torsocks allows you to use most socks-friendly applications in a safe way with tor. capsimage library to access ipf and ctr files - maybe needed by some emulators, like hatari/libretro a user friendly irc client for kde. (git version) a cross-platform bandwidth monitor. based on official .deb package lf is a terminal file manager written in go tools for manipulating vtk files in python, git version stream tap from pgtap test scripts xdrawchem is a two-dimensional molecule drawing program for unix operating systems. it is similar in functionality to other molecule drawing programs such as chemdraw (tm, cambridgesoft). sound theme for linux desktop made by japanimation voice actor 'matsui eriko' and opensourcesoftwarechannel. this is made for cheering libreoffice ready-to-use twitter-bootstrap for use in flask. gcc plugin that embeds cpython inside the compiler gnu unifont (generic unicode font) for openspades. middleware for session management a cross-platform application and ui framework fast parser based on parsing expression grammars (pegs) - python 3 version. simple and secure password manager, from debian package a lightweight llvm python binding for writing jit compilers integrates dspam into dovecot imap server. mercurial version for dovecot >= 2.1 command line interface client for deis, an open source paas that makes it easy to deploy and manage applications on your own servers. extract, clean, transform, hyphenate and metadata for isbns library for accessing the content of dbase iii, iv, and 5.0 files a simple, lightweight, library for creating background jobs, and processing them linear systems, matrix decompositions, and other numerical computations based on blas and lapack ruby extension for base32 encoding and decoding c data analysis framework and interpreter from cern with extra features enabled - development release. lightweight hot-key daemon independent of x an open-source audio fingerprint by musicip (32 bit) wine staging 2.6 with extra patches for starcraft 1.18.x decred block explorer a bidirectional console a near complete set of a mix of different tango/gnome-style icons. console application binaries from the value of the model-specific register (msr) tools project command line utility to read and edit meta-data of audio formats supported by taglib. a dock extension for gnome-shell as part of ozon os headphones is an automated music downloader for nzb and torrent, written in python. it supports sabnzbd, nzbget, transmission, µtorrent and blackhole. phusion passenger configured for use as a static nginx module. python interchangeable virtual instrument library convert perl 6 pod to html a sophisticated object-relational dbms a schema-less, ldap like, api and database a bold, painted face font for the rocker within. perforce visual client personal finance management application notification daemon for mate (gtk2 version) the sisiya daemon. return the pixel width of the given strings for the given font io is a prototype-based programming language inspired by smalltalk ros - ros nodelet for kobuki: ros wrapper for the kobuki driver. fast ethereum rpc client for testing and development audio session manager for live music performances an extension to rename files with nautilus lightweight x11 task manager and system monitor for lxde pam face auth random conway's game of life in your terminal. a program that determines optimal play of suit combinations in bridge. creates xvid configuration files commandline interface to habitica. a decentralized instant messenger built on top of the tor network ros - rqt_publisher provides a gui plugin for publishing arbitrary messages with fixed or computed field values. python adaptor for the poker-eval toolkit inputless xflux daemon that geocodes based on your external ip address. a graphical disk usage utility for kde (kde4 port) free garamond-based truetype font wildfly application server emacs major mode for editing files in the yaml data serialization format zarafa service overview pragmatapro by fabrizio schiavi kdesignerplugin fast porter stemmer based on a c version of algorithm deezer integration for nuvola player. python api to mercurial using the command-line interface get the full path to a locally installed module a minimalistic plugin api for video effects (git version) bible study tool for gtk simple solution for streaming pcm data from client to server in real time. receive rtp rfc 3119 mp3 streams parse and format datetimes using xsd advanced minecraft interface and data/structure tracking; fork with location export. font family by paratype: sans, serif, mono, extended cyrillic and latin, ofl license ros - qt_gui_py_common provides common functionality for gui plugins written in python. the installer for ros open source email archiving solution with all the necessary features for your enterprise a simple replacement for logcheck when using journald interactive fiction multi-interpreter that supports all major if formats. arc-dark theme for lxqt panel an enterprise online/offsite backup solution x.org rendition video driver a comic downloader and archiver. hewlett-packard officejet, psc, laserjet, and photosmart printer multi-function peripherals (mfps) drivers cross-platform, serial port library written in c xml processing with a clean interface simple eyecandy ascii tables poplog development system alias for __package__ kubernetes cluster deployment using ansible a secure shell server/client fork with high performance patches included kde dropbox client with own daemon (qt5 branch) a peer-to-peer file sharing client with web user interface. python client library for sahara interactive command-line twitter client python interface to the tv maze api logical replaction for postgresql opentype fonts sanitiser. supports ttf, woff, woff2 and other formats. printers plug for switchboard banshee community extensions is a repository and project for extensions to the banshee media player that are community contributed and maintained. a clean and compact theme for gtk3, gtk2, metacity, xfwm4, gnome shell and unity. place subreapers in your process tree to keep it structured allows to undelete accidentally deleted vdr recordings standalone web browser from mozilla.org with opensuse patches to integrate better with kde plasma 5 updating your isostick firmware tuner for variety of musical instruments (especially guitar) a python module and cli tool for layouting multiple pages per sheet of a pdf the bem boundary element library application for enhancing visual focus on people with autism spectrum disorder (warning: only in spanish language). qmi modem protocol helper library with experimental qmi-over-mbim patch a c jpeg-ls library implementation sphinx extensions for php and symfony a c interface to the clips libray, a c library for developing expert systems. qt-based client-side and server-side soap component geocaching statistics tool miscellaneous python utilities makes it easier to use pyscss in django microchip's pic32 peripheral support libraries. a thin-wrapper for the java decompiler gitbook editor - write and publish books charset analyser and converter (mingw-w64) the ophidia terminal is an advanced bash-like interpreter through which it is possible to submit arbitrary requests to an ophidia server a library for doing number theory burn soft subtitles into video an open gpg encrypted little vaulty for logins, credentials, etc. color the screen with a rainbow (libgamma version) ocaml binding to libogg a parser for dhcpcd lease files (/var/lib/dhcpcd/dhcpcd*.leases) embedded nas peripheral controller addons to qtdbus software client allowing to participate on saba web-meetings and e-classrooms. yet another ruby toolkit, in the spirit of facets compute local minima and energy barriers of a landscape qt-based console for jupyter with support for rich media output z3 is a high-performance theorem prover being developed at microsoft research (built from github) a tool to download and import a wikipedia page to a git repository client to upload data to an acousticbrainz server patched font bitstream vera mono from nerd-fonts library dejavu sans mono for powerline a c99 frontend to libfirm compiler library lightweight standalone alternative to compiz grid plugin u2f host library for interacting with a u2f device over usb. delivers notifications from your phone or tablet to your computer plays a dab/dab audio service – either from a received live transmission or from eti files. a set of file hashing tools (cli & gtk gui) lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp395cn ros - this package provides an implementation of a 2d costmap. command-line tool to typeset gregorian chant terminal-emulator state machine - patched for asciinema tiny iso-compliant c exif parsing library, third-party dependency free. ncurses file and directory management tool makes browsing diff output easy, converting it to highly-readable highlighted wikipedia-style html displays time on terminal in diffrent ways. unity standard assets for easily getting started building projects in unity. a lightweight replacment for audio::mpd spatially adaptive sparse grids a formatter for python code. a cura plugin that allows you to quickly calculate and apply the best printable orientation. android sdk sources, api-20 use doxygen from within emacs -- git version a web proxy for google search extensible molecular modeling system flash files for the coprocessor of intel® manycore platform software stack 3d file browser utility for managing zfs boot environments in arch linux compiz main plugins a simple program for reminders wordplay generates anagrams of words or phrases. for example, debian gnu/linux = laud benign unix, nubian lug index, dang nubile unix, or i debug in lax nun. applies diffs and is generally similar to patch, but it can also help resolve a number of common causes of patch rejects driver for the brother dcp-560cn networked multifuncional printer provides functionality for small opengl programs (mingw-w64) free and open traffic simulation suite which allows modelling of intermodal traffic systems including road vehicles, public transport and pedestrians. a purple-based (pidgin) plugin for mattermost. (spectrum2 work) 2d car racing game an easy to use screenshot sharing tool. development version. wpa passphrase generator for agpf alice routers in c (wpa script called alish is included) manipulates knightos software packages norman walsh's schemas (dtd, relax ng, w3c schema) for docbook 5.x a vim-like web browser that is inspired by pentadactyl and vimprobable. a simple tool for lossless jpeg cropping simple password manager perl/cpan module http:.oai: api for the oai-pmh basic plugins for everyday needs. this library can be used as a module for `fog` or as standalone provider to use dynect dns in applications. a highly programmable web browser based on mozilla xulrunner an emacs like key–value editor library for python a gnome icon theme to match the vertex gtk theme the libertinus font family. a fork of the linux libertine and linux biolinum fonts with bugfixes and an opentype math companion. xmlrpc for fldigi and other ham radio apps sigil... a place with gates that lead anywhere in existence, provided you have the proper key. python command line tool for compiling and deploying qgis plugins php project build system based on apache ant compile sass, less, jade and much more with live browser refresh. c interface to lapack cirkuit is a kde4 gui for the circuit macros by dwight aplevich, for drawing high-quality line diagrams to include in tex, latex, for similar documents. pyupc-ean is a barcode library/module for python2. a professional open source system to create windows installers spanish (argentina) language pack for pale moon browser server to support electrum python-based bitcoin client wunderlist for your command line! a first-person shooter by epic games based on unreal engine 4. (git latest) luculent is a family of scalable (vector), monospaced, geometric sans-serif screen fonts designed for programmers secure, transparent and irresistible filesystem a program to analyse a stereo audio signal. plugin that enables embedding of any application window into the xfce panel. variant of nethack. it features more randomness, more levels, more challenges and more fun than vanilla nethack. a complete reference for the features in the c standard library, for qt help. a spreadsheet program based on sc python3 full-featured, pure-python tiling window manager. (git version) return to the cult games. on linux, with modern, open source engines. requires the multilib repository to be enabled. selinux aware miscellaneous system utilities for linux a virtual network service for openstack - linuxbridge plugin a library that allows you to use truetype fonts in your sdl applications (mingw-w64) securely redact and strip metadata from docs before publishing a detailed request and response logger for faraday. aids in the development and testing of ansible roles. lxi tools is a collection of software tools for controlling lxi instruments a deep learning framework made with expression, speed, and modularity in mind (cpu only) convert chm files to pdf documents fibre channel over ethernet implementation for linux - libhbaapi a php 5.3 opcode cacher fast and light rss/atom feed reader written in qt/с a tiling, keyboard-driven window manager written in common lisp a very simple tool for benchmarking www or proxy servers. uses fork() for simulating multiple clients brain workshop is a free open-source version of the dual n-back mental exercise a greek male voice for the mbrola synthesizer tsundere module for fcitx, adds something following every character you input. mysql functionality enhancement udf analysis framework based on root for the r3b experiment provided by gsi/fair. a sound synthesizer and musical instrument. a neovim plugin that allows for easy commenting of code for many filetypes emoticon filter of googletalk escape from booty bay is an efl-based physics game that explore ephysics amazing features tritium is a tiling/tabbed window manager for the x window system inspired by the ion window manager. it was written completely from scratch in python and shares no actual code with ion. ros - contains a set of tools that can be used from a hard realtime thread, without breaking the realtime behavior. walk nsec3 secured dnssec zones rufus is not a pleasant guy. ill-tempered and entirely too convinced of his own greatness, he lives at the edge of a small settlement somewhere in the most remote sector of the garbage-covered planet deponia. gog linux game package required! the pantheon photos manager a simple bash.im reader written in java command line tools that assist applications with a variety of desktop integration tasks (git version) turn server firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - norwegian (bokmål) amnesia: the dark descent is a first person survival horror game. (humble bundle version) a library for accessing usb hid devices a small python script that accepts a list of directories containing flac files as arguments and converts them to mp3 with the specified options. it can optionally create a torrent file. sslv3/tls network protocol analyzer (from 2002) ham radio - field day logger with networked nodes networked file storage and retrieval with optional password protection and compression using redis redshift configuration tool (qt5) an object-oriented audio processing library a 2d top-down action video game a terminal widget for qt a ppx rewriter for easy construction of s-expressions trained language data for tesseract ocr engine lightweight bash package manager qmplay2 is a video and audio player which can play most formats and codecs tensorflow-based neural network library. a calendar dock app xtables-addons-rawnat is a set of additional extensions for the xtables packet filter that is present in the linux kernel. this includes the rawnat patch. apertium language data for the portuguese-catalan translator. filehandle which supports multi-byte unget libretro implementation of mame 2010. (arcade) the hdf5 legacy 1.8 series compiled with mpich support read/write buffer class tenjin view class for catalyst. implementation in c of the smart message language (sml) protocol camelcase, de-camelcase deploy dotfiles using symlinks a free collection of solitaire card games written using qt qt bindings for projectm (git version) a distributed bug tracker for git. a framework that makes accessing remote d-bus objects from emacs lisp easier mcrypt module for php coerce glib into using the ev module as event loop ros - common_msgs contains messages that are widely used by other ros packages. a fork of nicotine, a graphical client for soulseek. 3d stunt racing game which features realistic car physics and an in game track editor the official client library for ipify: a simple ip address api format r code automatically gnome frontends to networkmanager compiled for gtk2 automatic disk standby using kernel diskstats and hdparm ros - general ros communications used by the various zeroconf implementations. hardware and software inventory tool (client) library and tools to access the vmware virtual disk (vmdk) format kde ksplash theme php extension for stats a daemon to manage local and remote printers on linux. vcstool provides a command line tool to invoke vcs commands on multiple repositories. generate and change colorschemes on the fly uavcan is a lightweight protocol designed for reliable communication in aerospace and robotic applications via can bus (git version) keepass plugin to expose password entries securely (256bit aes/cbc) over http multiprecision rootfinder for complex roots of univariate polynomials (version 2) ruby client for the puppet forge api. custom ordering for the apps and models in the admin app android google apis, latest api a gtk utility for computing message digests or checksums (thunar filemanager plugin) easily record repository version information to a .py file. a spanish male voice for the mbrola synthesizer libaosd binding for cairo powered on screen display netgen is an automatic 3d tetrahedral mesh generator extension which puts minimize, maximize and close buttons in the top panel. quake ii - mission pack 1 ('the reckoning') for yamagi-quake2 (development version) vpn-over-dns perl client c library of efficient algorithms and data structures for the analysis of sequences with the focus on biological data a little monitor to check if your webcam is on. a filter for plotting graphs in postscript a tool for creating and managing salesforce dx projects from the command line an application to convert python scripts into stand-alone binaries a backport of recent additions to the 'collections.abc' module. sqlite extension that provides transparent 256-bit aes encryption of database files (mingw-w64) platform independent library for real-time midi input/output. (32 bit) server for the popular card game mau mau - console client a gem that provides a simple mixin for log functionality hid event recorder and utilities. miraclecast provides software to connect external monitors to your system via wifi. it is compatible to miracast. link-management works, everything else is still being worked on. replaces openwfd. contribute on https://github.com/albfan/aur-miraclecast encrypted overlay filesystem written in go vault-client is a command-line interface to hashicorp's vault inspired by pass. a sophisticated object-relational dbms (x32 abi) a set of python 2.x bindings for the qt toolkit moksha vision from git sources echo in 740 bytes (97% smaller) lule sámi / julevsámegiella (smj) dictionary for hunspell german grundform reduction convert scans of handwritten notes to beautiful, compact pdfs perl extension implementing one way hash chaining encryption using md5 desktop-independent graphical login manager for x11 disables bareword filehandles freedesktop.org application menu definition files for lxde the post-quantum cryptography tool - git version eets munchies, a family-friendly puzzle game (beta; humble bundle version) shell ide for eclipse the linux-libre kernel and modules a locate/updatedb implementation opentype arabic font from sil manage and sync your digital media collections the urdf (u-robot description format) headers provides core data structure headers for urdf. pure python implementation of ssl and tls provides functionality for gaming input devices automate interactions with command line programs that expose a text terminal interface. aether icon set inspired by kirigami and material design constructs/recipes/snippets that would be handy in the python standard library a telugu female voice for the mbrola synthesizer quick terminal based application menu ros - hector_mapping is a slam approach that can be used without odometry as well as on platforms that exhibit roll/pitch motion (of the sensor, the platform or both). userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat kone xtd optical devices manages persistent connections using net::http plus a speed fix for ruby 1.8 yet another shell is a posix-compliant command line shell opengl image (gli) is a header only c image library for graphics software gently shutdown chrome/chromium on logout from gnome shell. multi boot compliant kernel game hardware access tools for the msp430 processor including bsl, jtag jpeg library (for nintendo 3ds homebrew development) fillinform with utf8 flag for catalyst ocaml bindings for llvm (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.6/) japanese truetype font obtained by mixing vl p gothic and open sans ros - this package holds the diagnostic messages which provide the standardized interface for the diagnostic and runtime monitoring systems in ros. ffmpeg-based thumbnail creator for video files prepend a timestamp to each line of stdin ros - controller for a differential drive mobile base. 2d action/rpg space game similar to escape velocity, development branch print sequential or random data. the suckless c compiler nvidia drivers utilities keepass plugin that generates totps from secrets stored in the keepass database (ie: google authenticator, other rfc 6238 compliant totp implementations) ros - a collection of .mk include files for building ros architectural elements. usbguard is a software framework for implementing usb device authorization policies a proprietary music streaming service. maybe a gnome shell like dashboard for xfce frontend for dosbox, scummvm and vdmsound x.org autotools macros (mingw-w64) the html/css user interface library a conditional random field implementation simple program that sets your (x11) wallpaper. inspired by the *setroots and feh. create barcode image with gd thunarx python bindings a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the i686-elf target python 2.x bindings for aalib perl module to encode/decode utf-8 strings into tex terminal emulator executable uniform command-line interface descriptions multilanguage reimplementation of the unix ctags utility header files and scripts for building modules for linux-up kernel with up board gpio patches a simple wrapper for argparse that allows commands and arguments to be defined declaratively using decorators. zelda: time to triumph (french version) module for generating and validating hotp and totp tokens create choo apps from the command line mopidy extension for showing song changes in notifications. daemon for astrapi remote x11 core wire protocol and auxiliary headers - git version keyboard indicator for wingpanel command line tool for the things network (ttn) utilrb is yet another ruby toolkit, in the spirit of facets true type fonts released by arkandis digital foundry nuvoton module for nct67xx chips not yet supported in the kernel. theme for clearlooks gtk engine the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security compiled with purify flag set of tools for converting svg graphics to tikz/pgf code a typeface used in edward tufte's books (otf) assembly for partial differential equations in dune mopidy extension for playing music from spotify add any search engine to the search bar. usb loader for freescale i.mx 51/53/6x stream mjpeg frames from a webcam via http (pikvm edition) simple bash linting tool written in python a video viewer and capturer for the linux uvc driver video compositing software similar to nuke and adobe after effects, portable snapshot numeric tests for perl scalars a filter/router for midi events samsung ml-1640 cups driver portuguese dictionary for wps office adc protocol hub made by the people behind dc and modified for use at lan parties. (bazaar version) browser extension that adds context menu option to play youtube (and other youtube-dl supported) videos with mpv. gtk2, gtk3, metacity, xfce4 theme. date parsing both relative and absolute blocks for django cuda accelerated mining application for scrypt coins(litecoin etc.). lzgrep: a direct (ziv-lempel) compressed text search (boyer-moore string matching) tool modern opengl wrapper, thin c14 header-only layer on top of the opengl 4.5 api a post-apocalyptic roguelike. qt graphic editor webos sdk: emulator-image, cmd-line tools, framework, samples, etc. ham radio rtty engine using x/gtk preview github markdown files like readme locally before committing them. kerberos challenge response authentication protocol enterprise wiki qemu iscsi block module. git version. extensible arithmetic expression parser and compiler devel::ebug - a simple, extensible perl debugger load modules directory from a .tar.gz archive perl/cpan module class::returnvalue: a smart return value object an open source c entity system tools to help document botocore-based projects. partial differential equation solver for python, based on finite volume approach. mirrors a web site by using curl to download each page openpgp key exchange for humans bash completion for tmux footprint editor for kicad used by qi hardware developers yeoman generator for gulp & angular an object-oriented nonlinear optimization library (mingw-w64) a frontend to the vips image library php twig extension. c/c ide. free 30-day trial. x.org amdgpu video driver visual molecular dynamics an audio metadata tag reader and writer, mercurial version python hpgl parsing library a lightweight image viewer ros - interactive control for generic twist-based robots using interactive markers. tools for accessing jpeg2000 files checkstyle plugin for eclipse ide a simple usb drive mounter a font to typeset maths in xe(la)tex and lua(la)tex by apostolos syropoulos movie collection manager application comfortable sap player based on asap library a small c helper library for storing sets of ipv4 and ipv6 addresses curses csv/tabular data viewer useful property variants for python programming a visual structure from motion system glob matching for paths & strings and listing files a 3d racing game based on vdrift and ogre with track editor ultra-lightweight pure python package to check if a file is binary or text a lightweight, embeddable software-defined radio framework built on luajit a c daemon that turns your webcam into a light sensor. it can also change display gamma temperature. a native python2/3 reader module for the sword project bible modules intel's vulkan mesa driver fast password cracker (using the git repository of the jumbo patch) tor project obfuscated proxy a satellite orbit prediction library clear blocks by controlling a ball with four paddles on each side of the screen. ros - a simple viewer for ros image topics. just-in-time compiler and drop-in replacement for lua (v2.1 branch) simple backup/snapshot system inspired by flyback and timevault. cli version. native abstractions for node.js guest kernel modules for virtualbox running under linux-mainline ros - this package holds the diagnostic messages which provide the standardized interface for the diagnostic and runtime monitoring systems in ros. virtualbox wrapper for python 2.7. gns3 tool. extension exposing php 7 abstract syntax tree. obsidian 2 theme for gnome 3.22 a small program that prints out a list of facts about a virtual machine the hdf-eos is a software library designed built on hdf5 to support the same grid/point/swath functionality in hdf-eos 2 and to the extent possible it will be built with the same calling sequences as the original hdf-eos 2 library. pure ruby javascript parser and interpreter a framework to secure your software supply chain a command-line calendar program. tool optimized for copying largely sparse files using information from a block map (bmap) file network utility providing essential information on network related aspects (nethogs, nmap, traceroute, vnstat, ...) a fuse filesystem to access the contents of an iphone or ipod touch flask-based web front-end for monitoring rq queues french qwerty keymap - provides a keymap for french users of qwerty keyboard. all french characters are directly accessible with altgr and smartly mapped. voice recordings for freeswitch python pid - pidfile featuring stale detection and file-locking - python 3.x pkg libretro implementation of 2048 utility for viewing and editing tags for most audio formats - git version video quality measurement tool which can compute psnr, ssim, ms-ssim, vifp, psnr-hvs and psnr-hvs-m metrics a small command-line program to download videos from youtube.com and a few more sites (git version) a generic and efficient data structure for representing and manipulating polygonal meshes (mingw-w64) moosex::event - a node style event role for moose okcash daemon, git version package contains 3 version of gtk3,gtk2,metacity,unity,xfwm4 and openbox theme. sinkin sans is a simple, pleasant, luxuriously proportioned and easy to read sans-serif. ttf version. fast, unopinionated, minimalist web framework. a dock app showing the free space across your filesystems autsmuxer is effectively mkv2vob for *nix systems. a library written in c that allows you to create and run audio and video streams python implementation of coap python2 function that returns the needed variation of a word. interactive data cursors (clickable annotation boxes) for matplotlib. firmware for technotrend tt-connect s2-4600 audio analysis and audio-based music information retrieval (binary for acousticbrainz) a bloom filter (bloomfilter) for python built on mmap clone of the atari 2600 game circus atari utility for create texture atlases with bitmap chars from freetype,truetype and some other font formats. adds custom css support to discord ros - this package defines messages for commonly used sensors, including cameras and scanning laser rangefinders. wxwidgets 2.8 with gtk2 toolkit (gnome/gstreamer free!) a command line source client for icecast media streaming servers. simple sdl joystick test application for the command line. a script to trim unused modules when compiling the kernel core data-types and property classes code analysis and execution tools discovers domains hosted on the same server as a given ip or domain small library for mocking pymongo collection objects for testing purposes portable foreign function interface library extra tools built using clang's tooling apis x.org's transset icesimple is an icewm port of the 'simple' metacity theme. displays images on your 256-color terminal with unicode block characters rpg next gen editor is a lightweight rpg (report program generator) editor based on the eclipse platform. an extremely versatile and extensible tiling manager that is meant to be embedded into ewmh window managers converts binary numbers to decimal integers or ascii text library for perceptual video quality assessment based on multi-method fusion fast and full-featured ssl scanner. major release 3.4 of the python high-level programming language capable and ergonomic go ide adobe dng converter a python module to create a http proxy in a docker container and use it bacula - a network backup tool (director - sqlite3 support) a small note taking program for the terminal a gtk3 frontend for libalpm - git version collection of small code generators for java python library for communicating with a redmine project management application a python stun client for getting nat type and external ip bitcoin cross-platform c development toolkit interface to iris-based web departure monitors (as used by deutschebahn) rich testing framework a simple screen locker for x, daemonizing python b-tree library tiny pic bootloader for microchip microcontrollers, gnu/linux port intel's vulkan mesa driver - non-libglvnd version simple daemon to renice/nice and change priorities of processes while running them. galcon fusion is a high-paced multi-player galactic arcade-strategy game (demo) a game of playing music. a fork of synthesia c matrix library bindings to the sdl 2 library thunar plugin to quickly share a folder using samba without requiring root access an awesome task manager written in python an http/1.1 pipelining implementation atop net::http latex-templates for the corporate design of tu braunschweig web-based sqlite database browser written in python remote procedure call plugin for trac a lightweight library that offers the ability to easily extract data from files archived in a single zip file (psp) signal private messenger for the desktop using muon instead of chrome syntax highlighting and matching rules for markdown. an open source, completely automatic on-line backup system for unix. a tool to scan your perl code for its prerequisites usb multiplex daemon manages an application's dependencies through its entire life, across many machines, systematically and repeatably. the linux-userns kernel and modules with config_user_ns enabled package desktop applications as appimages that run on common linux-based operating systems, such as rhel, centos, ubuntu, fedora, debian and derivatives. software for monitoring, trending and fault analysis of servers or data centers philips hue module for homegear a flat gtk theme inspired by windows8 interface. aragonese language pack for firefox beta pellet is an owl 2 reasoner in java plugin for vapoursynth: ssiq (git version) library for configuring and customizing font access - with ubuntu's patches a linux reverse engineering tool inspired by cheat engine. a personal dropbox replacement based on git a single player dungeon exploration game (with patches from nao) force number of words to singular or plural the draft ansi common lisp standard (dpans3r) in texinfo format free digital sketchpad to draw on the x11 session a console (ncurses) version of the popular solitaire game freecell. c wrapper for netinfo, which groups network usage by process x.org nv video driver many-core engine for perl providing parallel processing capabilities for easy printing of ascii tables within python an audioscrobbler client for mpd written in c. icinga web 2 interface gtk3 implementation of wxwidgets api for gui create, extract and convert different commodore binary archives. python coreschema language files for the macaon natural language processing tools star aligns rna-seq reads to a reference genome using uncompressed suffix arrays this program converts rpm archives to cpio archives for cpio or afio provides additional thumbnailers for thunar. patched to support openraster rapid image mounting/unmounting in userspace using fuseiso. canon scanner driver (mx510 series) x86_64 content manager assistant for the ps vita. (git version) automagically add title to mpd playlist based on last.fm recomendations netsurf utilities ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) a simple database explorer for sqlite, mysql, postgresql. mumble is an open source voice chat application similar to teamspeak. this release doesn't include text2speech, overlay and several plugins. firefox extension for reading news from rss aggregator feedly the ruby binding to the fox gui toolkit. rna secondary structure prediction and comparison us-ascii transliterations of unicode text this plugin adds support for displaying media in gnu mediagoblin based on simple search queries. ros - message and service data structures for interacting with gazebo from ros. simple block-diagram image generator moskha calendar module built from git sources linux studio plugins: lv2 format a git layering tool like awk but with sql and table joins photographs of some stops within the pid (praha region) public transport area, to be used with the timetable search engines by chaps. linux theme based on windows 10 colors and mac os x looks file manager, patched to be able to run as root bugs finder for java programs all nyquist plugins for audacity yet another plugin system (hg version) perl binding for the tinkerforge hard-/software scruffy is a framework for taking care of a bunch of boilerplate in python apps. clone of rick dangerous, a classic platform game show information about binary files and find gadgets to build rop chains for different architectures python2 client for dnsimple domain registration and dns hosting simple bash linting tool written in python universal points counter allowing reflexion exemption - gtk version rednex gameboy development system (0.2.x) miranda programming language a pandas-like deferred expression system, with first class sql support tweaks to improve the default gnome experience. icon set based on neutral and jaguarx themes. a simple webserver based on mono - provides asp.net support a filemanager written in c and ncurses library. open source ifc library and geometry engine. provides static libraries, python3 wrapper and blender addon. git version. an open source behavior-driven development framework for php 5.3 and 5.4 a web browser that stops ads and trackers by default. binary release. dvd subtitle to text converter make torrent files using go and preset profiles. a support package for gpib (ieee 488) hardware - python 2 bindings emerald window decorator peg elimination game a small c library that make it easy to run an http server as part of another application sgml::parser::opensp - parse sgml documents using opensp a versatile resource statistics tool, python 3 porting build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) a full screen window for rhythmbox. primesense sensor module for openni analyse and manage all your recorded gps-tracks plugins for j4status s2argv converts a command string into an argv array for execv, execvp, execvpe. execs is like execv taking a string instead of an argv. translate troff requests into docbook canon ij printer driver (for mg3500 series) the spacenav project provides a free, compatible alternative, to the proprietary 3dconnexion device driver and sdk, for their 3d input devices (called 'space navigator', 'space pilot', 'space traveller', etc). ros - camera_calibration_parsers contains routines for reading and writing camera calibration parameters. ros - filter which fuses angular velocities, accelerations, and (optionally) magnetic readings from a generic imu device into an orientation. minetest mod that adds digital circuitry, similar to minecraft's redstone. driver for the brother dcp-j552dw wifi multifuncional printer extract text from epub documents gluon scene builder for java 8, based on debian package, this version is recognized by netbeans,it was released on oct 17, 2017. perl code benchmarking tool computer modern unicode ttf fonts a shell command that wraps taskwarrior commands an ip-transparent tor hidden service connector standalone web browser from mozilla.org, with telemetry, webrtc and signing disabled high performance parallel solver for very large sparse linear systems based on direct methods triod postnaja attempts to mimic the typefaces used to publish old church slavonic service books. a command-line murder mystery a utility for adding cargo dependencies from the command line open-source multiplatform supported program for playing tabletop card games over a network. the missing motion for vim tv-out for nvidia cards a free/open-source library for quantitative finance. oldschool library (psp) a secure, non-evaling end user template engine with aesthetic markup. collection of tools, utilities, and libraries for software performance analysis an adblock extension for webkit2gtk browsers. bash automated testing system kiseido go and sgf client the perl open opendocument connector pyupc-ean is a barcode library/module for python3. firefox os simulator detect the virtualization technology of a machine, it is run in syncro svn client has been designed to offer powerful actions while keeping the interface as clean and simple as possible. 3d rendering with python and pov-ray install numix and numix circle. numix icons combined with the arc folders cd-adapco ccm file i/o library python implementation for the .net framework a fast and easy-to-use status bar compiletime or runtime mixin of traits/roles/mixins/your-word-here. http file upload plugin for libpurple (xmpp protocol) an implementation of ore algebras for sage command-line search for revelation password manager files a canadian french male voice for the mbrola synthesizer sanoid is a policy-driven snapshot management tool for zfs filesystems. ticker is a program that scrolls a message across the top or bottom line of your screen, in a manner similar to a stock ticker. ticker supports communicating with programs that changes the text periodically. a lightweight javascript-aware, headless web scraping library for python a mpd control plugin for gkrellm2 gedit plugin that provides features to ease the edition of latex documents a python module for manipulation and statistical analysis of graphs display an background image while the vdr is switched to radio channels watch a sphinx directory and rebuild the documentation when a change is detected. also includes a livereload enabled web server. a simple policykit authentication agent for xfce a beautiful font for the devanagari script. libyang is yang data modelling language parser and toolkit written (and providing api) in c python port of the perl template toolkit a small shell script that uploads/deletes images to/from imgur.com library to decode tracked music files (modules) into a raw pcm audio stream and cli player handy utf8 tests a randomizer for dragon warrior for nes a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (version 2) [with ime support] (32-bit support) spotify for nuvola player 3 sharing code for serialization between binary and cereal use template haskell to generate uniplate-like functions ham radio - vhf/hf contest logbook radeon cards monitoring utility tiny collection of programs used for ecdsa (keygen, sign, verify) fsleyes is the fsl image viewer an application to visualize and analyze live audio data in real-time. plugin for vapoursynth: noisegen (hg version) dirb is a web content scanner, brute forceing for hidden files dblib module for php vim plugin for jumping to a location specified by two characters xsettingsd is a daemon that implements the xsettings specification. a fully responsive interface to manage all your favorite software on your htpc imap folder deduplicator colorful weather plasmoid popular and powerful open source messaging and integration patterns provider vowpal wabbit is a machine learning system which pushes the frontier of ml with techniques such as online, hashing, allreduce, reductions, learning2search, active, and interactive learning. includes extra utilities. event loop processing lateafternoon icon theme breeze default cursor theme. parallel implementation of boostexter's scored text classifier a tool for quickly measuring the size of a php project trained language data for tesseract ocr engine django library to help interaction with mailman a free trial version of the normal-weight karat font used in the arch linux logo. convert pdf to html without losing text or format a terminal-based cross-platform music player, audio engine, metadata indexer, and server portable z80 cross assembler a nonogram logic game for kde catalyst::plugin::unicode::encoding - unicode aware catalyst client for cern advanced storage manager. index and find your stuff a hub for the adc network. (git version) ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) systemd client libraries lossless data compression codec with lzma-like ratios but 1.5x-8x faster decompression speed cocos2d-x update utility for non-linux makefiles that only uses an updated cmakelists.txt to update the other project files. canon ij printer driver for linux match and query i3 window properties and events qt4 plugin which turns all qsystemtrayicon into statusnotifieritems. elementary version, from bzr. a free 3d finite element grid generator with a build-in cad engine and post-processor. pari package needed by ellap for large primes python module that generates html from bbcode. a library which provides a secure layer over a reliable transport layer (mingw-w64) scheme r5rs interpreter and compiler (via c) - git version shadowsocks go version jsctags is a ctags-compatible code indexing solution for javascript. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a colourful wrapper for terminal programs http vuln request crafter a free asynchronous dns resolver. digital modem program for amateur radio, git version amd/ati drivers. utilities and libraries. radeons hd 2 3 4 xxx are not supported ros - provides a portable set of time functions that are especially useful for porting other code or being wrapped by higher level c classes. http proxy applets for avant-window-navigator (git version) kde connect/mconnect integration for gnome shell ros - nav_msgs defines the common messages used to interact with the navigation stack. makes window movement a lot easier. can be compared with a basic version of the compiz grid plugin. fully automated chromatographic data system, dedicated to simplify hard, routine work of chemist, dealing in a field of gas and liquid chromatography. league gothic is a revival of an old classic, and one of our favorite typefaces, alternate gothic #1 openbsd fork of calmwm, a clean and lightweight window manager manages an application's dependencies through its entire life, across many machines, systematically and repeatably. manages various pax related program header flags for elf32, elf64, binaries postgresql background worker to capture data dynamic network directory service - easy to use vpn a project in-between luv and luvit header files and scripts for building modules for linux-xps13 kernel gameboy cart flasher open-source home automation platform running on python 3 the cat lady is a psychological horror graphic adventure game developed by remigiusz michalski. tag-based file management system (contains toccfs and official cli client) a barebones hotkey/launcher application none the stoplight desktop app. a blank check printer that adds micr codes and check templates to blank stock. udev rules for fairphone 1 and 2. crmngr is a tool to aid with the management of a r10k-style control repository. a simple program which provides a run program window a gtk html to pdf converter poweroff management for current active recordings and wakeup procedures for future schedules using the xml-interface of tvheadend. toml syntax highlighting for gtksourceview artisan is a software that helps coffee roasters record, analyze, and control roast profiles. newest realtek rtlwifi codes the linux kernel and modules (git version) double-entry accounting from text input a drop-in, low-overhead monitoring web dashboard for a linux machine. magic: the gathering miracles for magic set editor. variant of test(1) that can test multiple files from cmdline or stdin map tile cutter - tile overlay generator for google maps and google earth let's stream google play music using any media-player resolv.conf management framework (resolvconf) express' application generator. a libhal stub library forwarding to udisks2 for flash to play drm content vimix is a flat material design theme for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell progressbar library to provide visual (yet text based) progress to long running operations free and open source karaoke game. (git) c requests library by whoshuu slimserver for logitech squeezebox players. this server is also called logitech media server. (release-version, if you prefer bleeding edge consider using logitechmediaserver-git instead) docking battery monitor and cpu governer controller (fork of trayfreq) tv streaming server for linux accelerate the ray intersection process by using gpus this is blam, a camera calibration toolkit for blender in the form of an add-on, written in python, that facilitates modeling based on photographs. a simple buffer list/switcher for neovim gm/gs soundbank courtesy of maxime abbey. post-install script for building ninjaos llvm (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.4/) classic 2d platformer with physics-based gameplay and dozens of levels a simple graphical vnc client - git checkout a similarity-based tool for aligning an expressed dna sequence with a genomic sequence for the gene unity's fork of monodevelop. remove pod from perl code a music player app written in c/qt - development version bengali (bangladesh) language pack for firefox beta x-bitmap (xbm) editor and converter utilities ariang, a better web frontend for aria2 (a cross-platform download utility). mopidy extension which lets you explore the http api various extra foils for mse. this one is the polishedstone foil gradient. python wrapper for hiredis super simple utility to convert a python dictionary into an xml string client library for openstack identity a toml-0.4.0 parser/writer for python. an alternative implementation of the bitcoin protocol, written in node.js. kaa base package loads images from scanned curves and exports the pixel coordinates of the curve in csv format ignition entry point for using all the suite of ignition tools. gnome-osx iv shell theme development and debugging tools for gstreamer: validate and mediainfo. share, share tech, and share tech mono fonts from the google fonts catalog desktop client for google hangouts a qt pump.io client a supercharged git/shell autocompleter with github integration. a simple rts game gui for command-line x11 automation tool swiss army knife for pdfs. built from binary executables available in debian repositories. a replacement x window display manager similar to, and based on xdm kde plasma desktop official timezone database for python. normal, dark and silver faenza theme for smplayer. tina is a personal information manager with a curses interface. it allows the user to categorize short text items and to display the items in a particular category. preview image generator plugin for plasma plasmoid package. ros - server side tools for authorization and authentication of ros clients. papirus theme for claws mail (git version) portable and retargetable 6502 6800 arm c16x jagrisc m68k ppc test tr3200 vidcore x86 z80 assembler. xerial implementation of sqlitejdbc ros - this package contains a recent version of the bayesian filtering library (bfl), distributed by the orocos project. a real-time strategy/programming game minikube is a tool that makes it easy to run kubernetes locally p2p software for high-quality voice communication; legacy version an x/gtk application - decodes morse code signals into text. command line and gui tool for configuring yubikeys, over all transports. mapping table between 8-bit chars and unicode shows running coreutils basic commands and displays stats dvd audio extract & ripping tool for extracting streams from dvd-audio & video discs and save them as ogg, mp3, wave or flac files. free model based tool ros - contains a node publish an image stream from single image file or avi motion file. stratis-cli is a tool that provides a command-line interface (cli) for interacting with the stratis daemon, stratisd. simple tmux notification system written in sh distributing activities of the tox tool ros - this provides an eigen implementation for ecls linear algebra. enemy lines - computer game series ros - xmlrpc is a c implementation of the xml-rpc protocol. an asynchronous web framework for c built on top of qt czech hyphenation rules ros - the formatters here simply format various input types to a specified text format. a ldraw-based virtual lego(r) cad for kde 4. emacs markdown-mode icedove / thunderbird extension that enables sending and receiving signed and encrypted e-mail messages (development version) a cd ripper application python client module for the inthe.am rest api plugin for gkrellm2 to retrieve webcam pictures nagiosql - nagios configurator make a singleton class that wraps the methods so they appear like class methods open source sdk used for the development of 3d sensing middleware libraries and applications a slender monospace typeface. shape: pragmata pro  haskell a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (version 2) [with ime support] print the current screen resolution bzr plugin for debian package management typerex is a powerful development environment for ocaml. an ldap user manager and password self-service webaapp. a multitrack non-linear video editor for linux a python library for oauth 1.0/a, 2.0, and ofly twin-panel (commander-style) file manager (gtk) multi-platform sql client header files and scripts for building modules for linux kernel (git version) a secure password keeper written in python using gpg to protect account/user and user/password key value stores dkms package for the thunderbolt icm driver a firmware and toolchain for programming the lego ev3 in java qtcreator freebox plugin openssl heartbleed (cve-2014-0160) vulnerability scanner, data miner and rsa key-restore tools. python library for dynamically parsing and editing configuration files with support for subsections. routes sockets of any tcp service through a socks4, socks5 or http proxy (anorov fork of socksipy) semantic parser for c commit partial patches to version control share a single mouse and keyboard between multiple computers display the definition of functions, variables, etc. (tags, php/js/vim/...) rscheme is an open-source (and freely redistributable) implementation of the scheme language with lots of extensions and additional features beyond the core language. library for reading and writing .esp and .esm plugin files. simple python module providing rate limiting fixes hardcoded tray icons polyfill package for flake8 plugins the original combat game for the old atari 2600 game console a program for creating, destroying, resizing, checking, and copying partitions bulgarian dictionary for hunspell python 2.x for libnetfilter_queue. educational basic programming environment a pretty quick version of r. can be installed side-by-side with vanilla r. stable jpegtran version with the lossless crop and scale feature manager is free accounting software for small business dayfolder is a friend of those who like a clean desktop an open-source, single-player, role-playing roguelike game set in the world of eyal. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j450dw nginx mainline module with support for missing propfind and options webdav methods openvpn binary with obfs patch simple cli client for http://multitran.ru use mongodb in mojolicious ocaml bindings for llvm presentation software to use with promethean hardware products - sk language pack moksha photo module built from git sources croatian dictionary for wps office an open-source column-oriented database management system that allows generating analytical data reports in real time a simple tab and object based site structure library that extends gtk a scalable distributed monitoring system for high-performance computing systems such as clusters and grids. a pop3 mail retriever with reliable maildir and command delivery (with passwordeval patch). read character separated files papirus icon theme (git version) simple http daemons: a framework for deploying single-purpose daemons running on separate addresses. p(ortable|ackageable) nacl-based crypto library (mingw-w64) monitor and print rss feeds (tail for rss...) postfix add-on which annotates an email message with information about the remote smtp client ip address (city, country, isp). distrho lv2 audio plugins, using the juce toolkit a distributed anonymous network (pre-compiled binary) ip conflict detection daemon grim fandango remastered - gog version coriander is a graphical user interface for controlling ieee1394 (firewire) cameras varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko ros - extends c type traits and implements a few more to boot. lightweight, advanced audio player (with qt5 interface) a fast erasure codec which can be used with the command-line, c, python, or haskell a command-line tool to pair logitech unifying devices the vp8, vp9 & vp10 codec sdk (git version) perl6 support for brotli encoding cmake wrapper for djgpp arm based snes emulator for libretro trained language data for tesseract ocr engine crossplatform jabber/xmpp client kitchen contains a cornucopia of useful code canon ij printer driver for pixma mp520 multifunctional convert your /proc/mdstat file into an object usable in python tcp statistic and analysis tool ndi library for obs studio beautiful stack traces for python oscar is an e-commerce framework for django designed for building domain-driven sites. fork of i3lock which adds options to resize the indicator, hide the indicator text and set the indicator background opacity. see https://github.com/molguin92/i3lock-custom for reference. fencing daemon for a virtualised environment command-line tools for creating and playing ogg vorbis files speech recognition scoring toolkit (sctk) fast protein or a fast nucleotide comparison standalone qt application for configuring your razer devices under gnu/linux. open source compositing software. node-graph based. similar in functionalities to adobe after effects and nuke by the foundry. a little program that simulates key events. ros - an rqt-based tool that assists monitoring tasks for moveit! motion planner developers and users. 3d painting software allowing you to texture, render and share your work. a ruby-based tool that converts a simple passphrase into a secure password web application attack and audit framework jdigitalsimulator is a platform independent open source electronic design automation software entirely written in java by kristian kraljic. visual reverse engineering tool. a gateway between the xmpp and the whatsapp im networks python bindings for rf24 radio modules wechat web developer tools general purpose library and file format for storing scientific data (32-bit) a library for solving large, sparse linear systems on massively parallel computers bindings for ssdeep grbl cnc command sender, autoleveler and g-code editor monospace variant of the google roboto font family. curses interface for transmission - python3 fork of transmission-remote-cli jfed is a java-based framework for testbed federation historical copy of the toys module of kde 1, adapted to compile on modern systems (circa. 2016) full numeric tower support replay uploader for heroes of the storm documentation for python pythondialog module. doom 3 bfg edition with soft shadows, cleaned up source, linux and 64 bit support working with mime types. a tron-like lightcycle game with a nice 3d perspective an autocompletion daemon for the go programming language (binary only) the newick utilities are a suite of unix shell tools for processing phylogenetic trees. functions include re-rooting, extracting subtrees, trimming, pruning, condensing, drawing (ascii graphics or svg). quake mod specific to darkplaces the amdgpu pro driver package hacking with style: ttf vt220 daemon watching logfiles and mailing lines matching patterns a small ocaml library for computing size of ocaml values. a swiss army knife for studying the bible and much more savage: the battle for newerth is an online multiplayer team-based fps/rts hybrid. completely free as of september 2006. (includes xr patches) ros - this package provides common interfaces for navigation specific robot actions. get urls of czech television video streams for specific entry page this sdk provides a convenient pythonic interface to globus rest apis, including the transfer api and the globus auth api. language packs for opera a commandline hash-based password generator utility for viewing tracker (pose, position, orientation) data from the osvr framework. a classic style windows theme with a modern touch. interact with gitlab api moksha networking module (displays network usage) - built from git sources an exploratory action adventure videogame with an emphasis on audiovisual style (game sold separately) simple gopher/web server with http support a basic decorative ttf font with fantasy symbols by enoch based on neale davidson fonts plugin for vapoursynth: w3fdif (git version) music for the game trackballs. roguelike graphics/utility library (v1.5.1 maintained for brogue) systemd module loading compatibility script for openrc super efficient tcp connection between remote processes a clone of the famous siedler of catan game rtsp server library based on gstreamer import lib for visual studio (mingw-w64) a small puzzle game where you'll have to clear the central area from blocks. tiny, liberally-licensed nbt library file identification library for python. (python3 version) sqlite module for php touch style of numix icon theme beautiful cross-platform bbs client arch linux port of debian's checkrestart utility provides a simple way to restart applications when you change source code or resources thus providing better workflow. written in python 2 boost.build makes it easy to build c projects, everywhere. the traditional vi cli tool to automate kubernetes cluster deployment to aws iscan plugin for epson perfection 2580 photo scanners tetris-like game written in c and sdl. embedded linux build system a linux system tray applet that manages encfs encrypted folders. client library for akabei, chakra's package manager lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j280w. this package is based off the mfc-j265w, all credit is for woegjiub parse & rewrite git urls (supports github, bitbucket, assembla ...) objective-c front-end for gcc (developmental version) 3d application designed to render 3d fractals such as the mandelbulb, mandelbox, bulbbox, juliabulb, menger sponge, and iterated function systems. kernel module for openafs compression library implementing the deflate compression method found in gzip and pkzip (psp) creates a pdf including all pictures of a given directory compiler for the gobject type system. legacy version for building valama against. download and extract source packages from aur an irc bot based on supybot, with sqlite3 support and other features (dev channel) a wrapper library for pure and generic spell checking for all languages, supporting aspell and myspell/hunspell backend engines in the near future, the evil rigelatins plan to enslave earth and they kidnap duke nukem to use his brain to plot the attack for their forces. sphinx extension to support docstrings in numpy format a simple music synthesizer for python 3 spnego helper for apache2 mod_auth_gss_krb5 and nginx mod-auth-kerb a flexible client for the aur buildbot grid view plugin interactive cli tool for http inspection a python pyside graphical frontend for the excellent open source command line tool exiftool. ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. crossplatform qt5 based organizer for students openjdk java 8 development kit with some fixes and enhancements by jetbrains a hybrid roguelike/action-rpg/deck builder graphical tool for solving many kinds of equations used to retrieve epg data into the vdr u-boot for cubieboard a simple menu generator for the joe's window manager based on fbmenugen. color space manipulation ruby bindings to the magic(4) library a pomodoro timer cli program for lsi megaraid cards, also works with some dell perc raid cards. gnome frontend to the popular x-chat irc client an open-source, free sip server be in control of which cross-site requests are allowed. improve the privacy of your browsing by not letting other sites know your browsing habits. secure yourself from cross-site request forgery (csrf) and other attacks. a small python module for determining appropriate platform-specific dirs, e.g. a "user data dir". linux util for flashing sbf files hide the firefox title bar, for gnome. this package provides the native helper (a python script) for the firefox addon. crossbar.io - wamp application router http://crossbar.io/ download, uncompress file or copy directory contents into tmpfs and boot from it. contains a socks5 server, a reverse socks server and client, a netcat like tool and a socks5 relay. an advanced quake 1 game engine (git-latest) like dput, but better a particle physicist’s mysterious and spectacular death sparks a race to find his hidden vault and claim his terrifying new discovery. cloudflare warp exposes applications running on your local web server, on any network with an internet connection a dom-like interface to yaml mkinitcpio hook to enable anti evil maid support. flat, long-shadow icon themes derived from the awoken token-style iconset gnu package which implements a programmable neural network kodi event clients a library for configuring and customizing font access ros - this package contains a c base class for urdf parsers. medical imaging netcdf toolkit another java decompiler warns and dies noisily with stack backtraces ros - rqt_shell is a python gui plugin providing an interactive shell. succeed or throw exception library for lightweight pdf and xps viewer a tool to validate epub files. userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat skeltr devices extensible minimal replacement for agetty with ssh support kernel module to support useful but broken retrobit console control adapters plugable irc client library based on asyncio (git version) ros - turtle_actionlib demonstrates how to write an action server and client with the turtlesim. cidr merging with white listing lightweight google calendar notifications termcolor python 2 library (improved fork) plex media server (plexpass version) a free hex editor / disk editor for linux, windows and macosx a weather plugin for the xfce4 panel pyenv plugin to manage virtualenv (a.k.a. python-virtualenv) an gui utility to check html documents for broken links. it is an opensource password safe which helps you to manage your passwords in an easy and secure way is a tool to quickly supply an interactive screen-oriented interface to command line scripts and commands. a falling block game made for ludum dare 32 windowmaker dock app for switching x keymaps provides three latex packages for using the solarized theme in latex code listings. track down wasted disk space the classic unix compression utility which can handle the ancient .z archive a set of unix/x solitaire games. a package wrapper - package wrapper for pacman (and more) apertium language data for norwegian nynorsk a reference of the xsettings spec made for vera-desktop-environment header files and scripts to build modules for linux-lts310 the pantheon watchdog an interface to use kipi-plugins from a kde application deduplication file system from opendedup parallels aps command line tools zezenia online is an actively developed free-to-play 2d mmorpg. parse::exuberantctags - efficiently parse exuberant ctags files a language for typesetting graphs. python package that handles polygonal shapes in 2d microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts combines checkupdates and checkupdates-aur with separator as argument bring your .bashrc, .vimrc, etc. from your local workstation when you ssh into a remote box. backup telegram chat logs using telegram-cli ros - the controller manager. desktop theme suite from xubuntu, with support for xfce, metacity and unity library for dcpomatic sstream locking a program to execute desktopentry files of type application, primarily for window managers that do not implement the freedesktop autostart specification a python3 library for sharing secrets the mercury language compiler. a program for stretching the audio python bindings for sn3218 18-channel pwm led driver. patched font sourcecodepro from nerd-fonts library the gnome terminal emulator with kali linux patches (background transparent, chunked resize & ...) a small vi/ex editor for editing bidirectional utf-8 text. provides a django project skeleton for serving postorius and hyperkitty extra syntax and highlight for nerdtree files ros - the robot_localization package provides nonlinear state estimation through sensor fusion of an abritrary number of sensors. simple cli mp4 time code editor an easy to use, but flexible, composited window manager a testr wrapper to provide additional functionality devel::refactor - perl extension for refactoring perl code a virtual browser that retries errors lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j480dw level pack for the wings2 game estonian language pack for firefox beta a protocol detecting server, based off the serve2 library firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - georgian mongoose-os build tool (latest) a modest package contains various common humanization utilities the interface between root and numpy portable abstraction library for dvd decryption (32 bit) common terminfo formats patched to support italics oxygencolors is a full customizable iconset based on original oxygen python interface to gpu-powered libraries font rasterization library with truetype metrics enabled a lazy-loading, fancy-sliceable iterable vim plugin for ruby autocomlete,you need set g:rsensehome properly in vimrc. container platform focused on supporting "mobility of compute". easy to write async iterators in python 3.5 adds several new tools to the context menu of text-based eclipse editors, to output consoles, to eclipse main menu and editor toolbar. idp knowledge base system editor python function signatures from pep362 view-os in user space - lwipv6 gateway module first-person roguelike six-degree-of-freedom shooter set in a universe where reality is falling apart html::prettyprinter - generate nice html files from html syntax trees. binary version of abrowser, safe and easy web browser from mozilla a user-space file system for interacting with google cloud storage soapysdr plugin for hackrf ovh software to receive fax and send them by printing on a virtual printer parallel visualization application using vtk - this version is built to be linked against salome modules archive manipulator from mate without caja dependency (gtk2 version) crontab module for read and writing crontab files and accessing the system cron automatically and simply using a direct api. a c/c api to read and write mpq files lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp-9017cdw native bindings for the fuse kernel module python library for interacting with the firefox accounts ecosystem a fast, lightweight, yet feature-rich file manager with tabbed browsing offline bruteforce of the wps pin exploiting the low or non-existing entropy of some aps the window manager manager. it can turn emwh compliant window managers into a tiling window manager while retaining all initial functionalities. markdown editor extends the nextcloud text editor with a live preview for markdown files. a library for guessing information from video filenames c<lib> that makes relative path absolute to caller. qt easy video encoder (qeven) encodes media files to several video formats (vcd,dvd,svcd,divx,xvid,flv). uses mencoder and mplayer. remote desktop client written in gtk (compiled with appindicator) a simple command line to stream media to kodi (aka xbmc) jpeg image codec (psp) a minimal, header only modern c library for colors in your terminal a password self service application for ldap directories. plugin that checks sql code against opinionated style rules. driver for realtek rtl8188eus (rtl8188eus, rtl8188etv) wlan general parsing module for python trained language data for tesseract ocr engine term-qrcode for perl gtk theme switcher pynio is a python programming language module that allows read and/or write access to a variety of data formats using an interface modelled on netcdf. a german bavarian male voice for the mbrola synthesizer a lithuanian male voice for the mbrola synthesizer example cli coap client for libcoap lpr and cups driver for the brother hl3150cdw a tool to download rtmp and rtmpe streams a qt plugin which turns all qsystemtrayicon into statusnotifieritems (appindicators) (32-bit) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine free, open source, cross-platform software for editing lyrics an utility to assist in various phases of hyperledger fabric chaincode development, such as compilation, test, packaging, and deployment fast, easy, and free bittorrent client (cli tools, daemon and web client) (sequential patch) ogdf is a self-contained c class library for the automatic layout of diagrams. ogdf offers sophisticated algorithms and data structures to use within your own applications or scientific projects. neo is a python package for working with electrophysiology data in python manga downloader for linux and windows a fast-paced 2d action platformer (humble bundle version) this gtk2::treeview derived widget allows you to diplay a data::treedumper generated dump in a gtk window. the nodes are collapsable. keepass plugin that highlights entries based on their password quality a perl driver for tarantool the afterstep clock dock app - xlib version rufus is not a pleasant guy. ill-tempered and entirely too convinced of his own greatness, he lives at the edge of a small settlement somewhere in the most remote sector of the garbage-covered planet deponia. gog linux game package required! a tool to help find memory-management problems in programs rss feed updates in the indicator/notification area rust language server blackbox tool for setting keyboard shortcuts for manipulating windows and virtual desktop a pure ruby library for reading and writing wave sound files (*.wav) simplified chinese language pack for seamonkey a music composition environment for csound header files and linker scripts for msp430 microcontrollers collection of scripts to test for buffer overflows, format string vulnerabilities. ros - common code for working with images in ros. a c/sdl shoot'em up clockspeed uses a hardware tick counter to compensate for a persistently fast or slow system clock pattern design software for crochet charts subset of scalable lapack routines redesigned for distributed memory mimd parallel computers. the qt installer framework used for the qt sdk installer. open source spin interpreter for the parallaxⓡ propeller. git version interface to graphviz’s dot language openrc scripts for firewalld. the voice chat application server for mumble (git version) build and distribute virtualized development environments ibm iseries access provides a 5250 emulator and others tools for ibm iseries (formerly known as as400). this package provides always the latest version. ros - libuvc_ros metapackage. a simple, vim-like file manager. ros - standard messages used by other rocon specific package types. this is an snmp trap handler written in perl for use with the net-snmp / ucd-snmp snmptrapd program. the cinnamon settings daemon sources for the free pascal compiler (required by the lazarus ide) mount xml files as directory structures library for parsing flash media stream urls with c api (version 0.4) a collection of multiple types of lists used during security assessments. a command line tool to generate .m3u playlists pointing to soundcloud streams lua (5.3) bindings for canvas draw library version controlled file system adminer skins megasync client based on fuse (git version) library for accessing sybase and ms sql server databases, patched to replace removed enum needed by some applications downloads html from a url, optionally passes it through instapaper’s mobilizer, and converts it to markdown a reimplementation of bioware's aurora engine opensnitch is a gnu/linux port of the little snitch application firewall. chinese poems for fortune-mod ukrainian language pack for firefox beta lightum is a daemon to control the keyboard brightness and screen backlight on macbook based laptops. opengl bindings for java a python wrapper library for adb and fastboot ros - roscreate contains a tool that assists in the creation of ros filesystem resources. a real stylesheet framework a gpu accelerated program for accurate, fast, flexible and fully automatic particle picking from cryo‐em micrographs with or without templates. edid decoder and conformance tester a disassembler library. limit a process's absolute execution time github's online schema change for mysql ros - contains nodelets for processing depth images such as those produced by openni camera. bitscope logic software for oscilloscopes linux kernel image for installing serverspeeder (a.k.a ruisu, using zetatcp technology) forward error correction library implementing raptorq algorithm event dispatching for purple-events through libnotify rake-based ruby extension (c, java) task generator. a theme for the gnome shell which provides a slightly more pleasant visual impression. the mustache template engine written in python featurefree lightweight ponysay script portable opencl is an open-source implementation of opencl which can be easily adapted for new targets (git version) automatically saves package list to gist c interface to ldap.h regripper is an open source forensic software used as a windows registry data extraction command line or gui tool. a nintendo gameboy advance emulator - libretro core command-line interface to jinja2 for templating in shell scripts. slacktee is a bash script that works like tee command. instead of writing the standard input to files, slacktee posts it to slack. a cross platform streaming socket c library vtuner client kernel module for virtual dvb's linux-pf default preset syntax-highlight-perl perl module (highlighting of perl syntactical structures) tool and python module to play with geographical and travel data, and some non-geographical data too. flycheck errors display in tooltip gnome file acl editor turkish language pack for seamonkey installs ruby, jruby, rubinius, maglev or mruby. metapackage to pull all dependencies required to build modern android orange smoothie productions (osp) is a modification for quake 3 that adds many client and server features while still being compatable with the stock game. java gui tool for analyzing nmon system files from both aix and linux tencent qq client on deepin wine some c classes which wrap the jack audio io api and lock-free ring buffer. a c api for d-bus an internet client running sniffjoke injects in the transmission flow some packets able to seriously disturb passive analysis like sniffing, interception and low level information theft interactive first person puzzle game based on tesseract fabric is a simple, pythonic tool for remote execution and deployment (py2.7/py3.4 compatible fork). a game about bouncing balls through holes simple, elegant, pythonic functional programming. a library which provides a secure layer over a reliable transport layer (32-bit, legacy version) solaris porting layer kernel modules. an emacs frontend to the silver searcher aims to be an 'almost complete' but usable mpv gui ros - mavros_msgs defines messages for mavros. adjust backlight brightness a powerful tool for managing applets and keys on javacards based on the globalplatform specifications c mathematical expression library a genealogical "roguelite" where anyone can be a hero cachecleaner for octopi a tool to make managing your dotfile symlinks in $home easy, allowing you to keep all of them in a single directory. a bridge from jdbc database drivers to python db-api ros - the pluginlib_tutorials package. scheme shell trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a fast and minimalist audio player - git version this is a rewrite of a userspace usb driver for temper devices presenting a usb id like this: 0c45:7401 microdia this package gathers technical tools for the hpp project. devel branch small but powerful text-based mail client (experimental fork) (development version) this tool provide help for write spec file to build rpm, it work in snippet like style, the final goal should be to manage a fully project, with make the tar.bz2 archive and start the build of the rpm, we think also about a autocompletion like style. google app engine sdk for go ros - a ros node that simply forwards odometry information. free finite-difference time-domain (fdtd) software for electromagnetic simulations a window manager for x11 diorite library is a utility and widget library for nuvola player project based on glib, gio and gtk. arc icon theme. latest commit from the master branch on github. a simple screenshot/screencast tool written in bash a caja extension for simple image conversions (gtk3 version) rocket.chat native cross-platform desktop application via electron. karnaughizer is a simple karnaugh map minimizer generate html5 slideshow from markdown or restructuredtext sources openfabrics alliance diagnostic programs and scripts for infiniband subnets a customized version of rsbep used to create resilient backups a free open-source raytracing engine package for evaluation of scalar and tensor one-loop integrals provides easy access to compressed files in zip, gzip and jar format generates frontcards and traycards for inserting in cd/dvd jewel cases. an open source software library for cheminformatics, molecular modeling and molecular visualization lv2 plugin interface for pure a graphical front-end for command-line debuggers such as gdb, jdb, pydb, perl debugger... an advanced drum machine - git version documentation for scipy high level chart types built on top of bokeh a fast floating window manager library for the desktop menu specification (legacy version) sound mixer control using ioctl a kernel module for the asix usb 2.0 low power ax88772b/ax88772a/ax88760/ax88772/ax88178 ethernet controllers equivalent of ubuntu/debian's input-utils. contains lsinput the de-facto oss quake 3 distribution. you need the retail/demo .pk3 files to play. an ebook creation tool chromium os libevdev apache sapi for php an opensource 'ambilight' implementation (build for raspberry pi) (binary) edit mp3 (and mp2) files without quality loss tool for stress-testing compilers, static analyzers, and other tools that process c code path utilities for python 2. the reference compiler for stanza, a high-level multi-paradigm optionally-typed programming language. develop acceptance tests & end-to-end tests with realtime feedback ros - this package provides common interfaces for navigation specific robot actions. simple tool to show the user information about data being passed in file transfers a small library written in c offering basic x86 emulation and shellcode detection ncurses grep tool a lightweight notification-daemon - git version the reference net workshop prints the gcc cpu-specific options tailored for the current cpu. freicoin distributed currency(based on bitcoin). daemon. perl module interface to the gnu privacy guard (v1.x.x series) note: tests fail if gnupg is not correctly setup. see comments inside pkgbuild if you have it set up correctly. a tool for inspecting and analyzing raw h264/h265/vp8/vp9/etc video streams (at frame and macroblock levels) for fine tuning encodes. mesa 3-d wayland library typewolf's curated collection of the 40 best fonts from the google fonts project. data component of trigger d3 viewer for matplotlib challenging and fun three dimensional puzzle game. monero: the secure, private, untraceable currency - release version (includes daemon, wallet and miner) a cython interface to the hidapi from https://github.com/signal11/hidapi for python 3 advanced command line parser supporting commands 3d modeling software aimed at artists and users of all levels dynamically create perl language bindings a compiler cache remmina is a remote desktop client written in gtk. qml bindings for gsettings. advanced c wrapper around openal manage notes on the commandline software from physionet for viewing, analyzing, and creating recordings of physiologic signals mtpfs with better support for android a framework for high speed network packet i/o, using kernel bypass software development kit for the deezer's api. set of cli tools for spatialite tools for aerospike varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko libretro implementation of stella. (atari 2600) open source groupware solution chinese lunar calendar widget for gtk ros - this package contains the ros bindings for the tf2 library, for both python and c. open source ipsec implementation with networkmanager support enabled for openrc style init pythonic libsndfile wrapper to read and write audio files. web micro-framework written in vala dirvish is a fast, disk based, rotating network backup system. x11 authorisation library (x32 abi) an application that simulates a laser pointer on the screen of your computer or on the canvas of the projector. gawk extension - convert errno values to strings and vice versa a minimalists web browser, vi-like but with traditional web browser behavior. the stock doom 3 binaries. punkbuster compatible. you need the retail .pk4 files to play. parse bnf and abnf grammars and generate perl 6 grammars from them microsoft azure command-line tools batch command module note taking (knowledge base) app with tree like notes structure command line interface formulation framework factorize numbers and calculate matching multiplications host kernel modules for virtualbox running under linux-uksm. simple mouse and keyboard remote control as touchscreen html5 web-app a portable qt-based gmail notifier game client for 'kancolle' a simple library to connect qt application with libvlc set of scripts to glue together snapshot capabilities from btrfs and backup solutions from borg in a reliable and automated way. example configuration for eduroam at unicamp using netctl simple tagging application for django the open motion planning library (ompl) consists of many state-of-the-art sampling-based motion planning algorithms create video contact sheets, thumbnails a perl 6 port of the irc::utils module aard 2 dictionary: library and tool to work with slob (sorted list of blobs) dictionary files an emulator for the atari 5200 console and atari 8-bit computers extracts htc ruu go support for google's protocol buffers an ide primarily designed for c# and other .net languages a library providing all of the assembly code needed for a c standard library a powerful general purpose wallpaper changer. perl module provide transport agnostic json rpc helper objects ros - rosparam contains the rosparam command-line tool for getting and setting ros parameters on the parameter server using yaml-encoded files. udev helper for naming devices per bios names perl interface to the gmp library's integer (mpz) functions. meta-build system which generates ninja build files the free and open source software for disk imaging and cloning allows you to monitor ebay auctions, submit bids, and snipe. simple tool for sharing and uploading files through http protocol. use a dropbox (shared) folder as a true git remote a gkrellm2 plugin which displays a small flag based on active keyboard layout. a simple dsp library and command-line tool for software defined radio a d-bus service providing high-level obex client and server side functionality simple greylisting system for mail transport agents the pantheon control center command line builder for u applications — nightly build build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) read plain-text files in blazing speed byte calculator. the engineer's utility for storage conversions and calculations. layered github client polyphonic synthesizer lv2 plugin a simple gtk volume meter for the pulseaudio sound server header files and scripts for building modules for linux-pae kernel collects separate configurations from /etc/tor/torrc.d/*.torrc into a single torrc before running tor service selinux mcs translation daemon various set_xxx directives added to nginx's rewrite  ngx_devel_kit (module for mainline nginx) complete lapack and blas implementation using optimised atlas routines backbone is a javascript library with a restful json interface, and is based on the model-view-presenter (mvp) application design paradigm. ros - this package provides the c extensions for a variety of threaded programming tools. network caller id server. insta looper is a simple looper with four integrated fx bengali (india) language pack for firefox beta trueaudio lossless compressor for multichannel 8,16 and 24 bits audio data gdb server for power devices using p&e jtag hardware the adventures of square, episode 1 game data extra profiles for firejail free sftp, scp and ftp client for wine plugins from picard-plugins repository pure html/css/js frontend for aria2 a modelling assistant for cp adds jinja2 highlighting support to vim display graphical dialog boxes from shell scripts. gtk2 version. workgroups for windows -- sexy window management for emacs freeware advanced audio (aac) decoder free projection software for churches an open source 3gpp lte implementation. an explosive arcade-style party game xvid is an open source mpeg-4 video codec (32-bit) glx version of the gears gl demo. standalone binary from the mesa-demos project. kitemmodels command line soft phone apache mrunit is a java library that helps developers unit test apache hadoop map reduce jobs a cross-platform application and ui framework (documentation) macs -- model-based analysis of chip-seq networkmanager client library pure-python postgresql database driver, db-api compatible image editor, like paintbrush or paint.net, written in lazarus (free pascal). a simple and easy-to-use c language rpc framework (including both server side & client side) based on gobject system (mingw-w64). application server used by sogo experimental cuda nn package library to use kde's statusnotifieritem via gobject a french belgian voice for the mbrola synthesizer a wii/gamecube emulator (melee/project m) oranchelo is a flat-design icon theme for xfce4 based on super flat remix and inspired by "corny icons" by patryk goworowski. a high-quality mpeg audio decoder (psp) mopidy extension for playing music from youtube a spotify lyrics alternative app a concurrency primitives, safe memory reclamation mechanisms c library python-graph is a library for working graphs in python a strong uci chess engine created by vadim demichev a linux port of openbsd's ksh. wazzuf ripper is a software to rip various media as dvd and blu-ray to .mkv file(s). enables browser based applications to communicate with digilent hardware (e.g. the openscopemz) a simple totally oo cgi interface that is cgi.pm compliant tuner for dvb-t sticks based on the realtek rtl2832u, which can be used as a cheap sdr, since the chip allows transferring the raw i/q samples to the host. ros - tutorials showing how to write plugins for rviz. hamburg design system, a framework for interactive simulation. a fast note-taking app for the unix terminal (patched) a portable c/c library for network traffic capture shell supporting scatter-gather pipelines a portable, performant script to make rolling zfs snapshots easy. visualization application. it visualizes how a java program is interpreted. full path fuzzy file, buffer, mru, tag, ... finder french hunspell dictionary generic framework for creating extensible applications, and for creating add-ins which extend those applications. actions gestures on your touchpad using libinput a python interface to singular a fast, safe vpn based on libsodium find algebraic equations, given their solution mit uncertainty quantification library use fake objects (mocks, stubs, etc) to test real ones unicode enabled rxvt-clone terminal emulator (urxvt), with support for custom icons and backgrounds library that can create and read several streaming archive formats (32 bit) integrated development environment (ide) for esp8266 developers library for picotech oscilloscope 3000a series an ip address anonymizer. an html library for gtk openrc emacs-daemon init script various settings and changes for the panel in zorin desktop. a library to interact with your keyboard's leds (scroll lock, caps lock, num lock). various openbox pipemenus lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j4410dw cross-platform, easy to use, fast and functional audio editor an amstrad cpc emulator in java, based on jemu easy file transfer using filetea service, cli interface a json based config file system. data files for measured optical surface reflectance a console acquire board game a software driver based on unixodbc to access jet / ms access database (mdb) files through odbc. ros - tools for directing, throttling, selecting, and otherwise messing with ros topics at a meta level. a flat, grey theme without transparent elements for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell. latest commit from the master branch on github. simple addressbook plugin fuse virtual file system for vk (vkontakte) audio records vera control center api documentation in your terminal combines full-feature scriptwriting with pre-production support and online collaboration. precompiled binary version. python bitcoin tools (fork for openbazaar) remote start client ros - rqt_common_plugins metapackage provides ros backend graphical tools suite that can be used on/off of robot runtime. ros - metapacakge that installs all available planners for moveit. tools for download from garmin wireless (ant) devices a toolkit for building modeling frameworks (part of rails). routing daemon suite with cumulusnetworks patches. support multi-instance ospf. a library for working with vcards crossplatform plugin for pidgin messenger that saves your opened conversations at shutdown and restores its at startup ubuntu mono derivative powerline a tool to generate random passwords a kiss principle ebook quick launcher for linux a tool for validating and repairing mpeg audio streams simple and free architectural solution for huge applications the real pico text editor from the alpine messaging system an inotify based implementation of tail. c utility functions for openwrt standalone mail/news reader - bleeding edge binary version ruby/glib2 is a ruby binding of glib-2.x. a set of python 3.x bindings for kde. iterative, recursive file finder for perl 6 kde service menus for beyond compare 4 a web server log file analysis program producing html reports a tool to compute the musicbrainz disc id from a cd image client state indication module to filter chat states depending on the client state nav is a hackable ncurses file manager, inspired by vim, ranger, and dvtm. python imaging library (pil) fork. pillow fork for better image processing performance. a clone of media player classic reimplimented in qt. a (non-interactive) scripting language, like sh vp8 and vp9 codec (mingw-w64) x-platform music multiplexing system 2 easy to use interface to thetvdb.com(python3) doom 3: bfg edition game files xorg drivers for xrdp syntax highlighting for lighttpd config files node.js virtual environment builder usb control for android with hybris nvidia egl wayland library (libnvidia-egl-wayland.so.1.0.2) for 'nvidia-utils-full-beta-all' video acceleration (va) api for linux headless systems rss downloader for linux based systems, capable of adding downloaded torrents directly to transmission utility for use with partclone generated images. a command line client for amazon s3 (git) an open source web chat platform python client library for ceilometer keep and restore fcitx state for each buffer separately when leaving/re-entering insert mode. like always typing english in normal mode, but chinese in insert mode. web tool for database management. this is a standalone version that can be used to connect to any database server. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a straightforward and easy-to-use app to create slideshows from music and photos, with instagram support. the complete solution for ruby command-line executables, version 4.2.1 a library to help you test your interactive command-line applications json module for guile progress monitor: monitor a job's progress xapian-core  ruby xapian-bindings converts strings to/from a slightly modified base64 that contains only url-safe characters build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc), dummy package pam module which permits authentication for arbitrary services via ssh-agent. (git version including experimental ecc support) a high level api for python internationalization a lightweight music dsp library. danish hunspell dictionaries ros - package containing pcl (point cloud library)-related ros messages. extract, clean, transform, hyphenate and metadata for isbns systemd units for prelink a scientific visualization and analysis software for atomistic simulation data. generic numerical library for the d programming language lookup the username on the remote end of a tcp/ip connection pulsar timing software ros - this planner attempts to find a legal place to put a carrot for the robot to follow. a terminal for a more modern age cross-platform text/hex editor, a fork of madedit with bug fixes and improvements a tea drawing timer for the gnome-shell implements symbolic and ls chmod modes very simple & usable fsevents api astroml is a python module for machine learning and data mining built on numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, and matplotlib. this package includes the exmaples shipped with the github version of astroml client library for openstack object storage api directory editor, file manager similar to emacs dired ftp client/server for asyncio a slender monospace typeface. shape: menlo. parses source code and dumps the dependencies between the code elements. an enhanced printer spooler a kde thumbnail generator for the fictionbook (fb2) file format free implementation of the card game doppelkopf (git version) a compositing manager library ros - rosparam contains the rosparam command-line tool for getting and setting ros parameters on the parameter server using yaml-encoded files. program that allows to query and change the xkb layout state a beautiful stack trace pretty printer for c. a wrapper around the 2d physics library chipmunk portable toolkit for zx-spectrum music playing a command-line tool for converting single and multipart uif images to the iso format. an interface to the backpan index a validating xml parser written in a portable subset of c (mingw-w64) web content sanitizer proxy as a service immersive ambience mod for minetest. adds sounds for the settings you are in and music. apache sapi for php abstract class::dbi's sql with sql::abstract::limit an xquery and xpath 2.0 library, written in c and built on top of xerces-c. manage your environment variable collections. comskip is a free mpeg commercial break detector. secure pipe daemon is a cluster file-system capable of scaling to several peta-bytes. version 3.4 a vim plugin for more pleasant editing of git commit messages an educational graphical logic circuit simulator kdeclarative the userspace dev tools (udev) forked by gentoo (32-bit) ros - rqt_console provides a gui plugin for displaying and filtering ros messages. automates login to zenbu.net.nz wifi networks. the lbry app built using electron tool for testing and educationg people a 3d platform game based on the bully rodent in big buck bunny a thin library that provides hardware graphics acceleration, input device handling and abstraction, integrated windowing system on top of the linux framebuffer device tape editor and corrector digital signal processing library for software-defined radios pure-python library to decode/read utmp and wtmp files application for renaming videos and subtitles makepkg running from within docker for clean builds without maintaining a chroot a simple wrapper around optparse for powerful command line utilities aninmated doing a cartwheels(that called 'sokuten' in japanese) man program modd: a flexible tool for responding to filesystem changes an ascii header generator for network protocols sdl mpeg player library (mingw-w64) pyopencl bitcoin miner an utility for downloading multimedia content from youtube and other online streaming services. v4l2-loopback device the pantheon dock ros - unit-testing package for ros. perl module to test the referential identity of a reference indonesian language pack for firefox beta ppd files for ricoh's pcl monochrome printers, supplied by ricoh a lightweight system monitor with html and css for themes. latest commit from the master branch on github. browse bluetooth devices through nautilus a set of ladspa plugin hosts for jack with graphical and terminal user interfaces fast, simple message queue server suru is a icon theme by sam hewitt, whose design is based upon and around the original suru icon guidelines for ubuntu mobile applications, continued by a third party a tagging file system emulator. a python interface to call out to matlab. interpreted language for data processing dark desktop suite for xfce. git version. command-line tool to validate and pretty-print json and xml python wrapper for the libraw library command line and gui tools to produce java source code from android dex and apk files a full-featured, pure-python tiling window manager. (git version) command line interface for the code climate analysis platform. it allows you to run code climate engines on your local machine inside of docker containers. make sure that your current user belongs to docker group and that docker is running. systemd timer to automatically remove orphaned packages bitmap scaling algorithm that improves the resolution of a png building part of the opensuse build service, osc-build - git version jzip is an interpreter for games in the infocom zcode story file format a python fastcgi wrapper for wsgi applications ros - rosparam contains the rosparam command-line tool for getting and setting ros parameters on the parameter server using yaml-encoded files. a nice, dark (black & white) theme for gnome desktop. search gadgets in binaries to facilitate rop exploitation for several file formats and architectures classic jack2 without dbus enabled. for starting as daemon with systemd. wallpapers for liri os sync aur with npm packages the c reference implementation of the worldforge atlas protocol. feels like writing quickly with an inked brush, from pablo impallari a tool for automatically generating makefiles an open source client library for spotify. corporate-design for latex from technische universität darmstadt open multiple serial ports or tcp/ip connections and exercise them in different ways google's data interchange format utility (java api). książę i tchórz office code pro [d] are a customized version of source code pro for text editors and coding environments python3 module for instruction sets documentation in a format convenient for tools development (git version) enhanced open java development kit for developers on linux. contains series of patched to openjdk to enhance user experience with java-based and swing-based tools (netbeans, idea, android studio, etc) a python2 platform for combinatorial optimisation recursively merge two or more yamls, simply a new plugin that uses the rest api of lyricwiki to fetch lyrics. python 3 amqp 0.9.1 client library epson printer driver (px-k701, px-k751f) a python library for oauth 1.0/a, 2.0, and ofly an integrated modeling solution for bpmn and dmn based on bpmn.io beautiful cross-platform bbs client ham radio equipment control libraries a shmup with an evil twist. gstreamer multimedia framework base plugin libraries a open hevc decoder. (git version) textmate-style snippets for neovim. a makefile for arduino sketches simple, consistent wrappers for common string operations none data pump, sql*loader and workload replay client for oracle instant client encrypts given text and turns encrypted bytes into base64 text which can be easily pasted/retrieved on pastebin websites postgresql modules for php an open source point of sale software targeted for micro, small and medium businesses. a simple tool for creating syslinux splashes without fuss go development plugin for vim program to search for a given string in an xor, rol or rot encoded binary file. bash script for performing incremental backups of a set of directories using rsync interlingue locale data yet another japanese dependency structure analyzer (python2 interface) a tool for managing multiple git repositories a note taking application featuring markdown syntax a python library to load structured table data from files/strings/url with various data format: csv/excel/google-sheets/html/json/ltsv/markdown/sqlite/tsv. take a break design and simulate circuits a python just-in-time compiler for astrophysical computations a cross-platform gui front-end to chmlib (wxwidgets 3.0 version) a strong chess engine written by tord romstad, marco costalba, joona kiiski re-connectable tcp connection. includes both client and server. a decent multiplatform commodore plus/4 and 64 emulator written in c using the sdl 2.0 media api generic hooks with callbacks for ruby. binding of the gtk and gdk libraries for the librep lisp environment - git version sdl2 bindings for vala language canon ij scanner driver (for mx340 series) the pyzolib package provides basic functionality for the pyzo environment. modern, clean and customizable flat icon theme [full-dark-blue only version!] python bindings and utlities for geojson a tool to merge .osc osmchange files into an .osm planet file plugin based tool for steganography, with encrytion support. constructing hardware in a scala embedded language foo2zjs printer drivers (automatically updated). includes also foo2hp, foo2hbpl, foo2oak, foo2xqx, foo2qpdl, foo2slx, foo2hiperc and foo2lava drivers. rock solid distributed database specializing in active/active automatic failover and wan replication. a gtk utility for computing message digests or checksums (nautilus filemanager plugin) a fully tested, abstract interface to creating oauth 1.0 clients and servers an 8031/8051 assembler. a user interface for analog systems exploration. ham radio - satellite tracking. the new and shiny xmpp implementation for python usb viewer iptv player for kartina.tv python bindings for orientdb process management tool for procfile-based applications python module to interface with the linux scheduler ros - turtlebot_bringup provides roslaunch scripts for starting the turtlebot base functionality. memo: a cli note taking application. move the dash out of the overview transforming it in a dock module for the 'fog' gem to support amazon web services. a prototype for a lighter desktop client for wire nzb downloader and post processor a gnome recipes cooking book alien versus predator gold engine a javascript code analyzer for deep, cross-editor language support x.org sis 671 video driver menu editor for xfce a reddit client for gnome (with gtk and python) select and install a jupyter notebook theme python serialization module (build for pypy) elegant unit testing framework for c with support for mock objects spread is an open source toolkit that provides a high performance messaging service - java bindings english hyphenation rules (en_us only) a vector graphics library library can be compiled into applications to create core dumps of the running program -- without terminating. a read-only fuse filesystem which transcodes audio formats (currently flac) to mp3 on the fly when opened and read. mass drupal hosting system - backend a bishoujo-style visual novel by four leaf studios built on renpy complete set of tools that provides a virtual environment for android. forged alliance forever - lobby client. community-driven client system for supreme commander: forged alliance. a class library for high energy physics tool to extract data points from graphical plots kills a random pid perl/cpan module ogg::vorbis::header::pureperl - an object-oriented interface to ogg vorbis info and comments package manager for d packages, git version tool to download humble indie bundle binaries by file name a library for programming logitech(r) harmony(tm) remote controls. vim plugin to speed up syntax foldmethod library utility for winegame the second generation incarnation of the cd index (32 bit) libpsl bindings for lua 5.1 a small footprint emacs derived from chris baird's ersatz emacs which was based on microemacs 3.6. implementation of the w3c dom opengl image compositing library produce plots and graphs in gif, png, postscript, svg from csv like data download tv and radio programmes from bbc iplayer travel into the frozen woods in a folktale from the world of night in the woods. intel integrated performance primitives php pecl extension for apache solr api the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security (x32 abi) 'more' for binary files ros - stereo_msgs contains messages specific to stereo processing, such as disparity images. accurately separate the tld from the registered domain andsubdomains of a url, using the public suffix list. subtitles searching module written in python. curses based password manager using pgp-encryption a pluggable django application for integrating paypal payments standard or payments pro a collection of features that seamlessly integrate into reaper plasmoid places widget for plasma desktop teamspeak is software for quality voice communication via the internet microsoft windows 10 simplified chinese truetype fonts odbc driver for sqlite generate all necessary files to use adobe minion pro and adobe myriad pro with (pdf)latex. simple tool to automate the tedious process of saving and cataloging screenshots pod::text::ansi - convert pod to ansi-colored text worlddb - world.db schema 'n' models for easy (re)use simply simulate keypress/keyrelease tool which adds/removes symlinks or lists the available or active plugins of vdr sstp client tested svn experimantally stable revision rcssmin is a css minifier written in python. legacy ghc (7.10 series). originally released on december 2015. kodi texturepacker tool (beta or rc versions) zero-configuration systemd containers a virtual network service for openstack - vmware plugin sans-serif fonts from the go font family a modern and flexible web client for r copy the contents of the screen to a pil or pillow image memory counter-based random number generators library a command-line program for getting and setting the contents of the x selection google noto fonts: sans, sans display, sans mono, sans symbols, sans ui, serif, serif display double-height version of unscii8. a python library for variable type checker/validator/converter at a run time. a simple editor for .desktop files. daemon that displays passive pop-up notifications, with leolik patch added a computer program that plays the game of shogi, also known as japanese chess. visual studio code for linux, open source version a modern music player and library organizer python's vmprof client scripts for irssi "http://scripts.irssi.org" gives a visual presentation of what the 256 colors indexes is and how \ they look tied filehandles for nonblocking io with object callbacks a fast-paced 2d action platformer (humble bundle version, with dustmod) assembly language debugger atomic simulation environment (ase) is a set of tools and python modules for setting up, manipulating, running, visualizing and analyzing atomistic simulations. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - galician a gtk volume control for pulseaudio gobject introspection add a custom action to thunar to perform hard link copies. replace 'owner' in pkgbuild with your username. a typeface designed for source code. varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko an email app for owncloud sdf converter for gazebo visual interface hexadecimal dump jubin's 8085 simulator with trainer kit, written in java hopefully robust platform sensing. lightweight audio mapping software for av footage simple virtual terminal emulator for x liab studio is an integerated experimenting enviroment (with data logging capabilities). tunesviewer is a small, easy to use program to access itunes-university media and podcasts in linux. the smartest mongodb admin gui a recreation of the ultima 7 engine simply builds and verifies oauth headers pyramid is a very general open source python web framework. python package for generating multi-unit schematic symbols for kicad from a csv file french language pack for pale moon browser ros - moveit interface to ompl. flashes firmware and os images onto intel-based devices perl/cpan module crypt::simple svn and git integration for thunar. linux low-level labjack u12, u3, u6, ue9, digit and t7 usb library lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j470dw llvm (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.6/) a tiny language that can express theorems in abstract mathematics, accompanied by proofs that can be verified. dash peer-to-peer network based digital currency (qt) computer algebra with pure: a reduce interface a collection of open source themes for bootstrap. windows programs on linux, easily (git version) a pure python 2 geocoding module made easy. supports arcgis, bing,canadapost,freegeoip geocoder.ca, geonames, google, here, mapquest, maxmind, opencage, openstreetmap, geoottawa, tomtom, yahoo ) the linux kernel with patches made by andy lutomirski an easier way to configure conky standalone web browser from mozilla.org, developer build (es-es) the echo icon theme from the fedora project. a light and configurable statusline/tabline for vim python 3 extensions to pyyaml a generic voting application for django projects a c finite element library the gnu compiler collection 4.9 - c and c frontends for multilib high-speed scheme interpreter (non-threaded version) converts perl xs code into c code an open source agent for collecting metrics and data on the system; binary release neovim frontend built on electron adminer skins a chess problem solving and testing software framework for computer (machine) vision in python, providing a unified, pythonic interface to image aquisition, conversion, manipulation, and feature extraction. provides a python interface to linux's input subsystem epsxe eternal spu plugin simple crossplatform ide for nasm, masm, gas, fasm assembly languages qtcreator tabbed editor plugin the cwebx system for structured software documentation (literate programming) in c. acd_cli provides a command line interface to amazon cloud drive and allows mounting your cloud drive using fuse for read access. it is currently in beta stage. aur package by raansu, acd_cli project by yadayada tycoon game in the setting of 19th century farmsteads (full) perl bindings for the c library libunique lua libraries focusing on input data handling tint2 with support for gradient backgrounds and separator plugins a multithreaded gtk3 application for rendering the mandelbrot and julia set. perl/cpan module email::date: find and format date headers cloudron commandline tool open source virtualbox client with remote management nersc shifter: linux containers for hpc (with slurm support) a simple ctypes based python binding to libsodium volume.app is a wm dockapp enabling control of a computer's audio volume level. stream music files to your mpd that are not in your database. a alternative to cat(1); specialized for printing files x10 automation for linux, unix, and mac os x small application to provide hardware sensor readings using the appindicator framework embedded php sapi library utility for emulating heroku build and runtime tasks in containers graylog is an open source syslog implementation that stores your logs in elasticsearch and mongodb farbfeld image resizing filter 121 font from myordbok.com xmlcutty is a simple tool for carving out elements from large xml files, fast - binary static a program allowing you to send files to your casio graphical calculator pairs of handy bracket mappings ros - meta-package of libraries for processing laser data, including converting laser data into 3d representations. modular, theme-able status line generator for the i3 window manager a free uml 2 tool box including a modeler allowing you to specify and generate code in c, java, idl, php, python and mysql a python wrapper for ocr engines (tesseract, cuneiform, etc) gui frontend for encfs. create, mount, umount and delete your encrypted fs. java-based tv guide which is easily extensible using plugins torch c data structures a small daemon to adjust cpu speed (and indeed voltage) lpr and cupswrapper driver for the brother mfc-7860dw. a webkit-based, headless web client pure perl term::readline handwritten czech/slovak font slabikar sample neufeld asn.1 to c compiler spell checker plugin for the qt creator ide esotope-bfc, the world's most optimizing brainfuck-to-something compiler music editor based on snes mario paint. a qt5 c library for the last.fm webservices a c wrapper for libupnp - used with upmpdcli or upplay a tool for producing a pacman package from software's existing installation backward compatibility iptables/ip6tables user-space utility perl extension for controlling an embedding webkit engine an alsa sequencer user-client which works as event viewer. sql shell written in java java application to communicate with gps devices for fitness (garmin, suunto...). compute maximally-localised wannier functions (mlwfs). a makefile for arduino sketches archlinux version controller (git version) a simple python client library for acme server that issues tls (aka ssl) certificates champagne & limousines font a znc module that makes it easy to request backlog irc services gpu accelerated program for real-time ctf determination, refinement, evaluation and correction. a template engine inspired by tt library with common api for various mate modules (gtk2 version) qt5 widget style yeganesh-like dmenu wrapper written in go audio::flac::header - access to flac audio metadata interrupts 'top-like' utility for linux ros - rqt_gui_py enables gui plugins to use the python client library for ros. powerful python and django ide. professional edition. redis web-based management tool written in node.js xstatic-angular rakudo perl6 on moarvm with additional modules free gtk2 cross-platform file archiver (compiles from source) python 3 library to extract, clean, transform, hyphenate and get metadata for isbn strings (based on isbntools) protocol buffers - google's data interchange format (mingw-w64) a slender monospace typeface. shape: default. html widget and validation framework inflect short english phrases a fast monolithic web-framework of scheme management of ones flickr photos and photosets directly from a posix compliant machine improved colored diff ros - this contains cvbridge, which converts between ros image messages and opencv images. a gtk audio player for gnu/linux (devel branch) net::ftpssl perl module. client for the ed2k and kad networks a distributed anonymous network pharo spur vm for pharo 5 images. pharo is a clean, innovative, open-source smalltalk-inspired environment alsa wrappers for python 3 extra openfx plugins for natron a python 3 binding to poppler-qt4 the canada multilingual keymap argos3 simulator library for epuck robot dockable resolution changer. rpc api for boinc client python astronomy modules a very small c interpreter for scripting. a class to decode mime messages massively parallel self-organizing maps: accelerate training on multicore cpus, gpus, and clusters a virtual network service for openstack - opencontrail plugin binary editor and viewer (with some modifications by the debian team: release 18) high-level ftp client library ros - camera_calibration_parsers contains routines for reading and writing camera calibration parameters. a set of scripts to create custom shell environments for different activities openbox configuration tool. qt port of obconf python library to read and manipulate audio media metadata ros package library dynamic virtual terminal manager. a beautiful clean latex style active directory account management tool mysql client libraries, v5.5 compiler and tools for the go programming language from google (with cgo support for windows, android, mac os x and linux) a perl script with acpi calls for recent thinkpads (such as t420 and w520) whose battery thresholds are not supported by tp_smapi x11 client-side library (x32 abi) a dark low-contrast vim colorscheme for terminal vim and gui vim. ros - this package contains a recent version of the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl), distributed by the orocos project. linux containers a python module that provides read and write access to a wireless network card's capabilities using the linux wireless extensions. a set of tools for recording/replaying text-terminal session, in the vein of ttyrec. pulseaudio system tray (a replacement for padevchooser) ponyprog is a serial device programmer based on some simple and cheap interfaces for the pc php secure communications library ros - provides nodes to assemble point clouds from either laserscan or pointcloud messages. wiic is a c/c library that manages wii devices. it supports wiimote, nunchuck, classic, guitar hero 3, motion plus, and balance board. the swift programming language compiler and tools - preview release ros - theora_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending an image stream encoded with the theora codec. acousticbrainz submission tool pandoc - executable only, without 750mb haskell depends/makedepends library to handle (replay) of agata data format write to a cross-platform excel binary file. plugin for firefox that prevents canvas fingerprinting to prevent tracking. libre baskerville is webfont optimized for web body text, from pablo impallari synchronization service provided by ovh. fritz ttf typeface a stacking window manager that cooks windows with orders from the waitron breeze snow cursor theme. perl 6 interface to the functions specified by the posix ieee std 1003.1 dynamic xdg menu creator for pekwm interactive parallel computing in python a full-featured international calendar writen in python simple python image converter for the amazon kindle implements cross origin resource sharing (cors) support for aiohttp ros - ros packaging system. abstract library implementation of a vt220/xterm/ecma-48 terminal emulator. soletta project is a framework for making iot devices. a graphical sawfish extension to edit the session preferences pty control for lua 5.1 openfabrics alliance infiniband scsi rdma discovery tools a ncurses-based typing trainer program. libsub is a small c library to read and write subtitles in a few different formats (currently stl, subrip and dcp) kwin script that automatically adds/removes virtual desktops. a graphical java program for inspecting, invoking, monitoring, simulating/mocking and functional/load/compliance/surveillance testing of rest/wadl and soap/wsdl-based web services over http. siegfried is a signature-based file format identification tool, implementing the national archives uk's pronom file format signatures and freedesktop.org's mime-info file format signatures. python module to generate and modify perf the gtk openstreetmap tool gstreamer multimedia framework good plugin libraries (lib32) a custom linux kernel and modules for the dell xps 15 - 9560. has acpi override enabled and a wifi patch. should be used with 'acpi_rev_override=1' in boot flags. wifi bug: https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/source/linux/bug/1692836 a humanist sans inspired by edward johnston's and eric gill's typefaces, from pablo impallari a set of ufo based objects for use in font editing applications. moox::late - easily translate moose code to moo shows information about the current state of vdr on imon lcd freedesktop.org compliant menu library header files and scripts for building modules for linux-lts-selinux kernel a package for all ejabberd modules ldap schema for fusiondirectory weblink plugin ros - template based exceptions - these are simple and practical and avoid the proliferation of exception types. with the roy tool you can build custom signature files for siegfried, the signature-based file format identification tool. optional compilation for ocaml provides limited command-line access to the gnome keyring perl text::chm - extension for handling ms compiled htmlhelp files client library for openstack manila api an emacs major mode for twitter lasieve4e is a lattice siever for ggnfs by jens franke and t. kleinjung. applet to display information from various applications consistently in the mate panel. debugs memory leak of running process, without recompiling or restarting get beautiful reveal.js presentations from your markdown file postsignum root & qualified certificates shared gsettings schemas for the desktop a userland caching module for php70 chrono trigger font collection a program to perform hbci-transfers with aqbanking a digital logic simulator a composable build system for ocaml lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-420cn printer trained language data for tesseract ocr engine new set of mysql bindings for python3 open-source log collector a support package for gpib (ieee 488) hardware (dkms version). large-scale atomic/molecular massively parallel simulator. tools, extensions, hooks, etc to support version control at mozilla screencasting from within emacs minimize caching effects heal dead pixels on your lcd screen thanks to the blink method hash cracking tool written in bash convert audio, video, image and document files between all popular formats small application to provide hardware sensor readings using the appindicator framework (git version) disk allocation viewer(dav) tools for linux that can obtain the state of fragmentation on disk and visualize it. command line tool to show and convert the content of dbase iii, iv, and 5.0 files gnu documentation system for on-line information and printed output several barcode fonts: for ean-13/8, 3 of 9, code 128, 2 of 5 interleaved, pdf417 and datamatrix presentation software to use with promethean hardware products. role to provide simple serialisation/deserialisation of objects to/from json pocsuite is a remote vulnerability test framework developed by knownsec security team. http://sebug.net a git hook runner that can be used to execute multiple hooks in a git repository. support library for python bindings make sql query into json dataset python module for an atomic named interprocess lock which is local to the machine. file locking with flock securely transfer data between computers tool for building and running mobile apps written in go stream movies from torrents. skip the downloads. launch, click, watch. repos of the original community edition. simple interface to linux process information a small but powerfull utility for file and folder synchronisation test automation server for web applications light qt5 tool to display battery stats in system tray live markdown previews for your favourite editor. common files for 32-bit java development kits alte schwabacher fraktur font for use with latex. an apache module that embeds the python interpreter within the server the classic unreal tournament from 1999. retail cd or dvd required. hamradio minivna max6 network analyser software fonts required to correctly view and edit pepper&carrot svgs launcher script for intellij idea to make stop button work drop-down terminal emulator. stable a qt plugin that bridges the qaccessible api’s to the at-spi 2 protocol, giving blind and visually impaired users access to qt applications. this package provides a gui app that can browse and administer a mongodb cluster mime types for pkgbuild files extended version of the standard memcached module for mainline nginx store multi-level perl hash structure in single level tied hash top-like utility that shows an estimated instantaneous bandwidth on usb buses and devices gtk mixer application for controlling alsa audio volume from system tray a simple xcb window manager inspired by awesome, xmonad, and dwm. vfu is console (text mode) file manager. patched for unicode (utf-8) support. simple http wrapper around jedi (with yan12125's packaging patch) library that helps you make use of google's geocoding functionality. mingw-w64 headers for windows a powerful command-line packet analyzer almost free text: a document preparation system, mostly free from intrusive markup apache ant build scripts and libraries for the android sdk simple no-nonsense nzb download manager. a java desktop application designed to load test functional behavior and measure performance find files in a set of paths barcode generator for python. fork of pybarcode project. a low-latency audio server (32-bit client libs) tiny dynamic cgi web server with your shell or lua. tool to encrypt lpc313x boot images as per boot rom requirements the stock quake 3 arena binaries. punkbuster compatible. daemon and cli interface for cloud storage management. a highly configurable toolkit for training 3d/2d cnns and general neural networks wsgi (pep 333) reference library loader for php files encoded with ioncube php encoder generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - gui module purple/violet dark theme for enlightenment and terminology jetbrains meta programming system user interface library for printing with gnome a gui for the cli-based aria2 download utility quarry is a multi-purpose gui for several board games, at present go, amazons and othello. c and c client library to the memcached server, old version unite makes gnome shell look like ubuntu unity shell this is the official discogs api client for python. you can use it to query the discogs music database for metadata on artists, releases, and more. a simple bash wrapper around amdgpu's overclocking support a simple cpp-11 header library to make elegant progressbars for a more civilized time-progression hack for powerline a window manager for x in the spirit of dwm integrated set of django applications addressing authentication, registration, account management as well as 3rd party (social) account authentication. cuda information utility. electrocardiograph-like graphical and audible ping simulation experiment description - markup language performance measurement tool manage ip ranges. from the firehol project. a daemon that locks files into memory. it is meant to increase the chances of recovery from paging issues. syncs browser profiles to tmpfs reducing ssd/hdd calls and speeding-up browsers. gracilis theme for sddm by mikkeloscar webapp for zarafa naumen softphone. software phone from naumen isc adds communication between kde and your smartphone jonathan wilkes' nw.js variant of pd-l2ork (git version) modern graphical system monitor, system tray version simple, elegant html, xhtml and xml generation instagram api client tools to build lxqt and components maintained by the project. a computer display server protocol. not much of an email program -default interface to emacs make random duty in latex blacklist mail filter module, by acme labs platform and api toolkit to transfer existing content into the fbx format, python binding. open source nintendo wii remote linux device driver a collection of protocols, called bricks, to create a complete desktop experience for wayland. powerful yet simple to use screenshot software gui for fancontrol and the fancontrol systemd service change just version of any package allerta is an open source typeface designed for use in signage a tool to make impress.js presentations from restructuredtext a simple and intuitive interface for reading in images of eyes, comparing them, and verifying their identity. mesa with modifications for gallium3d drivers and i965 this module allows ruby programs to interface with the sqlite3 database engine. set of html documentation for scalable vector graphics (svg) tiny 1.2 papirus dark color scheme for konsole (git version) encrypted overlay filesystem written in go. a gui frontend for ffmpeg livestreaming generic soap client with a dynamic form generator for soap requests. plugin for vapoursynth: surfaceblur (git version) the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm eabi (bare-metal) target. run an x application scaled via xpra. useful on hidpi screens poppler qt5 bindings ros - pcl (point cloud library) ros interface stack. plugin for vapoursynth: muvsfunc (git version) tools to manipulate video and audio time codes cli interface for github makes rgb razer keyboards change key colors to complement what you do in vim. aceproxy player allows you to open ace stream links with a media player of your choice uzebox(tm) rom utility c library for simple postscript, svg, and xfig drawings oslo log library retrieve pkgbuilds and local source files from git, abs and the aur for makepkg. json incremental digger (go installer) the afterstep clock dock app - gtk version mopidy extension for providing the browse feature of spotify fftw, compiled with mpi and openmp support: header files, static and shared libraries extract metadata from adobe flash video files hierarchical inventory backend for configuration management systems (salt, ansible, puppet) x notification utility with xinerama and xmp support, git version. image and video datasets and models for torch deep learning a lightweight c library for storing rdf statements in memory keyboard backlight driver for various chromebook models a python3 db independent custom django field for storing version numbers for fast indexing. third party, more feature rich application switcher. gnome css2 parsing and manipulation toolkit (mingw-w64) a software tool which converts a polygonal model into triangle strips a simple library to build plain text tables a simple frontend for the media player daemon, for use with g15daemon. a free, open source, portable framework for opengl application development. (git, wayland version) light weight hierarchical data store microsoft office 2007 truetype fonts. direct file sharing across all platforms/devices. send anywhere is a multi-platform file sharing service where users can directly share digital content in real time. most comprehensive openssl module in the lua universe for lua 5.3 webcamoid is a full featured webcam capture application. a hierarchical matrix c/c library (mingw-w64) get notifications when commands in non-focused i3's window finish. a simple thread-pool implementation material design theme for mkdocs breeze widget theme for gtk 2 and 3. (git version) test that freed memory objects were, indeed, freed a dynamic python binding for qt applications how many tomatoes can you smash in ten short minutes? grip computer vision engine, generates c and java code for opencv use in frc robots python wbem client and provider interface pdf tools to compress, impose, decrypt/encrypt, split/merge from multivalent gnu radio source block for osmosdr, which is a 100% free software based small form-factor inexpensive sdr (software defined radio) project. decoder for p25, provoice, x2-tdma, dmr/mototrbo, nxdn terminal based jukebox with playlist management a major emacs mode for editing rust source code ros - roscpp_traits contains the message traits code as described in messagestraits. editorconfig core library written in c (for use by plugins supporting editorconfig parsing) atheme on screen display library a tool that computes various metrics for python source code reverse proxy for realtime web services allows you to set the linux vt101 default color palette client software that supports various hardware logic analyzers, cli client (git version) plug-in development environment binary for eclipse ide linux kernel module driver for the esp8089 wifi chip binary driver for the scm sdi011 (npa / german eid) set of command line programs for reading, writing and manipulating high-dynamic range (hdr) images minetest mod that adds weather microsoft azure command-line tools network command module an improved version of w that shows all processes associated with a tty the machine emulator, or tme, provides a general-purpose framework for computer emulation. ros - this package contains a set of conversion functions to convert common tf datatypes (point, vector, pose, etc) into semantically identical datatypes used by other libraries. apache enable/disable module/site. from debian package. powerful build system for the jvm (sources) library and tools to manipulate crook-5 data structures day of the tentacle remastered peer-to-peer network based digital currency (qt) string of unicode characters for perl (ucs2/utf16) a java swing binding library a tabletop-inspired rpg you can play solo or co-op, at any pace. klingon piqad hasta font. library and utilities designed to disable fsync and friends (32-bit version) open source implementation of smpte and the mxf interop “sound & picture track file” format with imf support port of stm8 spl for sdcc a plasma 5 plasmoid showing your gmail feed. minetest factions base mod for usage by other mods a tftp server intended to run as a user initiated program, rather than a service daemon. automatically set and update fields lsi cfggen utility for 2004 chipset based lsi fusion mpt sas devices fluxbox styles for gtk themes aur/mint-themes and aur/mint-x-icons tilburg memory-based learner, implementations of k-nearest neighbour classification sen is a terminal user interface for docker engine fortune cookies: portal (video game) linear tape file system command line tools for working with catkin take pictures of your screen, with modified shadow effect the pi-hole is an advertising-aware dns/web server. arch adaptation for lan wide dns server. bass audio library (32-bit) extract distribution name and version from a distribution filename broadcom 802.11 linux sta wireless driver old version for some bcm card kernel crash display noticable messages to users during tests a hebrew female voice for the mbrola synthesizer the chef client installation package includes everything you need to start converging your machines. a modbus library for linux, mac os x, freebsd, qnx and win32 command-line jslint, installed through npm extracts various sections from the twilight princess z2sound.baa file trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a privacy-respecting, hackable metasearch engine crossplatform tool for grabbing screenshots of your desktop. autoremoveplus is a plugin for deluge that you can use to automatically remove torrents radeon's vulkan mesa driver - non-libglvnd version the .net core command-line (cli) tools, used for building .net core apps and libraries through your development flow (compiling, nuget package management, running, testing, ...) step through historic versions of git controlled file using everyone's favourite editor an mmo based on the pokémon universe. mount without password rcp sources for eclipse ide tmux sessions backup and restore tool gobject bindings for libhdate. libhdate is a small c,c library for hebrew calendar, dates, holidays, and reading sequence (parasha). extutils::typemap official mongodb c driver (legacy). extends aegir provision backend with additional commands a php-based tool for managing and playing your audio/video files via a web interface authorize ssh public keys from trusted online identities gnupg keys of the linux mint archive truetype part of the gnu unifont containing michael everson's conscript unicode registry (csur) private use area (pua) glyphs reference implementation of corewar game solaris porting layer kernel headers. brother hl-2270dw cups driver trayclock is a simple analog clock for the sys-tray userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat kone xtd devices kde 4 system settings module to manage service menus plugin for teamspeak 3. sends simple desktop notifications when being mentioned or receiving private messages nut is a collection of programs for monitoring and administering ups hardware the single instruction c compiler provides a python function to get the first element of an iterator. dockapp that performs all the functions (and eventually more) of a simple four function calculator a lightweight library for converting complex objects to and from simple python datatypes. the clojure interactive development environment that rocks for emacs the ionic command line interface (cli) is your go-to tool for developing ionic apps the popular rocket arena modification for quakeworld media center based on efl a real-time pitch correction ladspa plugin tools for medical image reconstruction and registration. sdr receiver for funcube dongle, rtl-sdr, usrp and osmosdr devices. epson printer driver (me office 940fw / stylus nx635, sx535wd / stylus office bx535wd, bx630fw, bx635fwd / workforce 545, 645) ros - meta-package of libraries for processing laser data, including converting laser data into 3d representations. a tool to gather real-time statistics from cube and cube 2 game servers toolkit for encryption, signatures and certificates based on openssl openid 2.0 java libraries drone is a continuous integration platform built on docker, written in go. beyond compare 4: compare, sync, and merge files and folders forged alliance forever - lobby client. community-driven client system for supreme commander: forged alliance. utilities for liri quick applications a clipboard monitor simple and functional lua bindings for pd gtk frontend for sftpman (application that handles sshfs/sftp file systems mounting). full screen network monitoring metapackage for all the base-devel group. fixes for the lenove yoga thinkpad 11e chromebook a low-latency low-jitter alsa midi to jack midi bridge, hardware midi compatibility layer and event processor adios adaptable io system for simulations. the adaptable io system (adios) provides a simple, flexible way for scientists to describe the data in their code that may need to be written, read, or processed outside of the running simulation. chromasig is an unsupervised learning method to search for common patterns (motifs) of histone modifications. chromasig was proposed by gary hon et al a versatile package to perform molecular dynamics, i.e. simulate the newtonian equations of motion for systems with hundreds to millions of particles. command-line audio file organizer that reads tags and renames files. fast grep-like tool specialized for searching large bodies of source code reference software for the scalable video coding codec console based remote console (rcon) client for minecraft servers adobe flash plugin support lib (ossv4) feed2toot automatically parses rss feeds, identifies new posts and posts them on the mastodon social network. toolkit for high energy physics event generation gedit 3 plugin to allow scrolling past the end of file djvu encoder with foreground/background separation secret rabbit code - aka sample rate converter for audio (mingw-w64) a twisted extension implementing rudp hoe is a rake/rubygems helper for project rakefiles swi-prolog for sharing: a swi-prolog web ide integrated with the cplint suite - precompiled version prevents the desktop becoming idle in full-screen mode. lpr and cups driver for brother ql-820nwb label printer platform and api toolkit to transfer existing content into the fbx format. english-russian slang dictionary if placed in the proper directory, this script greets the user and offers some potentially interesting information about the system's current resources. zalo - nhắn gửi yêu thương headerbar plugin for the deadbeef audio player (development version) a fully featured modbus protocol stack in python none object storage server compatible with amazon s3 a tool to extract metadata from multimedia files. a c interface used to decode raw picture collection of tools that allows capturing tcp/ip packets and filtering them based on lua policy files thai language pack for firefox beta the kernel mode and x11 drivers for promethean activboard and activhub. a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the powerpc64 target sequence assembler for very short reads components from the discontinued qt solutions product, a collection of minor qt add-ons and former qt modules which for various reasons have been pruned from qt itself. (git version) a graphical frontend for ghostscript's postscript-to-pdf converter use hash::util::fieldhash or ties, depending on availability solr / solrcloud web application archive (war) ready to deploy on any java ee container decompile abbyy lingvo lsd dictionaries to dsl a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files (mips64-elf) mushkin ssd firmware update tool with gui (qt) colorscheme based on jesse weed's seti theme for the atom editor a lightweight python web framework compatible with google app engine’s gnupg keys for debian (non-archive) a forward-pipe operator for r toolkit for manipulating word lattices built on top of openfst implementation of the asyncio (pep 3156) event-loop with qt an experimental open-source nintendo 3ds emulator/debugger library for parsing tmx files (tiled maps) using tinyxml's dom interface. experimental xep-0280: message carbons plugin for libpurple (pidgin, finch, etc.) a small program which updates the utmp record of the current tty. a shell script for pushing git tracked changed files to a remote host by ftp professional-grade, multi-platform, free software teleprompter, installed through npm an advanced memory diagnostic tool as a pxe nbp - git checkout a tex package to create commutative diagrams with tikz word-generator based on per-position markov-chains assists surface pro 3 tablets autorotate based on device orentation the classic snake game with textual interface. a code search tool. zip file extraction library (mingw-w64) update your zoneedit dynamic dns records beautiful desktop client for facebook messenger. binary version. vim plugin aiming to bring the interactivity of coqide into your favorite editor. based on sardi ghost flexible you can use the modularity to combine elements and create a new icon theme. a graphical tool to copy a hybrid iso onto a usb key. themoviedb.org apiv3 interface pydio synchronisation client python ide for beginners. nginx module for setting and clearing input and output headers vamox celeste icon theme. chicken scheme egg: compatibility library for old regular expression api gateway6 client implementation of the tunnel setup protocol from hexago synchronise your files without also sharing them with a stranger in the cloud. implements cross origin resource sharing (cors) support for aiohttp plotting library for qt5 (mingw-w64) approximate nearest neighbor library. ldap schema for fusiondirectory webservice plugin vhdl simulator ucsc genome browser 'kent' bioinformatic utilities libraries from borland's ide kylix (32 bit) python modules to work with debian-related data formats generates an index file of language objects found in source files. svn trunk revision 804. with php patch. python-based ocr package using recurrent neural networks (formerly ocropus) python implementation of the unicode collation algorithm (uca) asciidoc syntax highlighting for gtksourceview python project template generator with batteries included 3d application designed to render 3d fractals such as the mandelbulb, mandelbox, bulbbox, juliabulb, menger sponge, and iterated function systems. android sdk samples, api-19 ocaml interface to the sdl (simple directmedia layer) library allows you to open the application launcher in kde plasma desktop using the super key build, test, and document your apis faster ros - the tf2_py package. minimalistic gui for playing go with gnugo and other gtp applications psp shrink allows you to shrink your isos to the cso format. canvas draw - 2d vector graphics library postgresql partition manager background worker fast, featureful, open-source conway's life program for *nix a library for computing the discrete fourier transform (dft) (32 bit) iso country flags in png format a simple offline blog. a tool that can detect when your yubikey is waiting for a touch upload data to hastebin.com via stdin xo windy font created considering trends of modern typography from «новые облачные технологии» gimp plugin to create html divs from gimp layers a library for extracting file metadata perceptual jpeg encoder mount removable devices as normal user, with safe removal of device access the json-rpc api of a zabbix server a port of the monokai color scheme for vim by sickill. a web browser for kiosk systems. a flat theme for gnome & xfce4. latest commit from the master branch on github. a small command-line program to get/set the current keyboard layout. a c library for controlling asynchronous tasks the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for mips-harvard-os161 arquitecture. this is part of toolset for the course os161 from harvard. replacement of alt-tab, iterates through windows in a cover-flow manner the cups printing system - daemon package brother dcp-l2560dw lpr drivers. a lexer similar to lex/flex, generates go code, integrates with go's yacc, supports utf-8 and nested structural regular expressions. mr.boom is a 8 players bomberman clone a 4 player co-op rogue-like-like beat'em'up with dynamic lighting on awesome pixel art. ambient noise community library. sounds and icons from the users zeroconf service advertising and discovery for pd, pd-l2ork version ros - diagnostic_aggregator. apt sources mirroring tool minimal drivers pack for panasonic multi-function printers ros - package modeling the run-time dependencies for language bindings of messages. hypercontainer daemon java card classic development kit prao bsa telescope data viewer, pulsar searching & analytics software modification of utf-7 encoding for imap mifare classic offline cracker sql-like queries on tabular text data, including joins and subqueries a small and fast c compiler. an open-source port of prince of persia respeqt emulates atari sio peripherals when connected to an atari 8-bit computer with an sio2pc cable. create man pages from doxygen xml output swagger module for node.js. sencha cmd provides a collection of powerful, time-saving features that work together and in conjunction with the sencha ext js and sencha touch frameworks ruby gem youtube-g which implements youtube gdata api gridcoin is a cryptocurrency that helps science via boinc - daemon manage all your jetbrains projects and tools (extracted from appimage) standalone web browser from mozilla — nightly build (pt-br) a small tool for astronomy video sequences editing. run javascript code from python. bpf compiler collection - c library and examples a software client for the open bench logic sniffer logic analyser hardware. sparse object oriented linear equations solver conversion of a rational number to a representation in any base. daemon providing a polkit authentication ui for kde emulator of opera mobile browser. discontinued. lightworks is a professional video editing suite grub2 theme vimix a toolkit for deploying code and assets to servers in a repeatable, testable, reliable way. evernote-like app based on sciter sdk international components for unicode library runtime haskell interpreter (ghc api wrapper) implementation of a blumlein shuffler to convert binaural stereo signals into a form suitable for reproduction on convential stereo speakers. geany tags for c, c, css, glsl, java, javascript, latex, php, python, ruby, tcl, vala and more allows building your unity projects for the ios platform spek helps to analyse your audio files by showing their spectrogram. this module allows you to specify the number of expected tests at a finer level of granularity than an entire test script. post snippets created with git blame to git-punish.io library containing various image processing algorithms a workspace switcher plugin for xfce4-panel which can be used for the i3 window manager tuxonice resume hook for the archlinux initramfs a fast file search utility. git version. ros - rostopic contains the rostopic command-line tool for displaying debug information about ros topics, including publishers, subscribers, publishing rate, and ros messages. posix shell script to easily control brightness on backlight controllers. native linux kvm tool hierarchical density-based spatial clustering of applications with noise script that wraps package and aur upgrades in btrfs snapshots and provides an easy way to roll them back the open source modelica suite - openmodelica shell spanish (argentina) language pack for firefox beta identify issues with your mp3 files, fix those issues and make other changes mustache templates for lua python library which wraps the argparse module to help write flexible cli applications frame configuration management for gnu emacs modelled after gnu screen gibson is a high efficiency, tree based memory cache server. a fork of the e17 window manager used by bodhi linux. plugins for ofxstatement for dkb and amazon credit cards fish swimming across your root window a cloudflare-resolver a complete neatroff typesetting system (neatmkfn, neatroff, neatpost, neateqn, neatrefer and shape). control and monitor s.m.a.r.t. enabled ata and scsi hard drives - latest svn version utility programs used for creating patch files a library for configuring and customizing font access (mingw-w64) the sarge package provides a wrapper for subprocess which provides command pipeline functionality. converts ttf fonts to xcf distributed home automation controller gobject wrapper library for nautilus-wipe nthu-cs maple bbs 2.36 bbs-like editor data files for radioactive decay hadronic processes lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j680dw integer-only ogg vorbis decoder library (for nintendo gamecube/wii/wii u homebrew development) fast, concurrent, safe. the rust programming language and its package manager, cargo. perl interface to the blake digest algorithm a collection of free fonts including futura and gotham (ephifonts.com). does not include helvetica as helvetica messes up fonts in firefox and chromium. a relaxed text editor complete and free internet live audio and video broadcasting solution (32bit) library for open chinese convert (mingw-w64) terratec cinergy t stick usb dvb-t kernel module for linux-lts acmetool is an easy-to-use command line tool for automatically acquiring certificates from acme servers (such as let's encrypt) an interpreter for the awk programming language french language pack for seamonkey legacy ghc (8.0 series). originally released on january 2017. library to handle rpg maker 2000/2003 and easyrpg projects (development version) a malay female voice for the mbrola synthesizer vim-like five-fingered interface for firefox header files and scripts for building modules for linux-pf-lts kernel. javascript password vault - multi-platform desktop application userspace advanced configuration and power interface event daemon cheat sheets command line interface for working with github gists. implementation of keynav for awesome, rapid cursor control using the keyboard randomizer of text strings fonts of the corporate-design from technische universität darmstadt (only available within the tud-network!) netgen is an automatic 3d tetrahedral mesh generator 2d space arcade/rpg with planets manage your app version entirely via git tags ros - system-wide logging mechanism for messages sent to the /rosout topic. convert the sub/idx subtiltes to srt file nvidia driver utilities and libraries for 'nvidia-full-beta' (32-bit) dahdi tools for asterisk pixelart/paint/retouch software extensible node.js library for the amazon web services api silly python scripts perl 6 interface to libcurl, the free and easy-to-use client-side url transfer library japanese man pages for the samba4 gogs init scripts for openrc collection of c libraries that provide a variety of functionalities. an opensource implementation of the openmax integration layer api a simple status bar for i3. iptables::parse - perl extension for parsing iptables and ip6tables firewall rulesets furamono for powerline set of html documentation for scalable vector graphics (svg) 1.1 an odbc driver for the firebird rdbms a modern, c-native, header-only, test framework for unit-tests, tdd and bdd - using c98, c03, c11, c14 and later deepin wine uninstaller soapysdr plugin for airspy r2 and airspy mini a simple chroot build environment manager for building rpms a python html parser/tokenizer based on the whatwg html5 spec qt5-compatible approach of the existing appmenu-qt. english -> german dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org project generators for various embedded tools (ide) un'applicazione per controllare gli orari dei treni in tutta italia tramite il sito viaggiatreno.it. a cursor theme inspirated on oxygen theme, but drawn from the scratch. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine lightweight bitcoin cash wallet compile and execute code in restricted compartments soapysdr plugin for bladerf provide better search functionality by capturing all matched line sophisticated object-relational dbms search, download and play videos from youtube. arm mbed command line interface an open-source, single-player, role-playing roguelike game of exploration and treasure-hunting ruby and rails ide with the full stack of essential developer tools. 7 version parse xlsx files automate your tv enjoyment with innovation, proven stability and reliability. a vim plugin manager simple backup script that uses rsync trained language data for tesseract ocr engine tool to measure power usage and estimates consumption and battery lifetime a modified version of password & user account section converts files between the .dwg and .dxf file formats, qt4 version internet2 utility tools utility that can extract the internal forms represenation from both efi and uefi modules utilities for start-up messages a personal anki sync server (so you can sync against your own server rather than ankiweb) application for scientific data analysis and visualization, fork of qtiplot a password manager that helps to manage large numbers of passwords. microsoft windows 10 truetype fonts a virtual network service for openstack - cisco agent grab tv listings for france, from guidetv-iphone.telerama.fr header files and scripts for building modules for linux-lts-ck kernel tzinfo object for the local timezone a simple framework for building readers for gnu guile these are simple ruby bindings for the liblzma library soccer game in the style of sensible soccer utilities for handling byte order marks quick-and-dirty debugging output for tired (python) programmers remote control and programm for midas m-air mixers building part of the opensuse build service, osc-build ruby coffeescript compiler logging framework for c, as log4j or log4cpp fcitx qt library yet another exchange tool c library for lightweight websocket clients and servers (static library) open source implementation of the microsoft xna 4 framework. backgrounds for pantheon a python language interface to fits formatted data files easy oo parsing of debian control-like files morphological analysis tool - python3 interface the de-facto oss quake 3 distribution. you need the retail/demo .pk3 files to play. an extension module for click to enable registering cli commands via setuptools entry-points. kde 3d printing libary lively casual script where the letters bounce and change size slightly, from pablo impallari 389 directory server python library. (python2 version) c framework for building lightweight http interfaces draws tree structures using characters. baïkal is a calendarcontacts server test-portability-files - check file names portability library and tools to parse, encode and handle wbxml documents airspeed is a powerful and easy-to-use templating engine for python that aims for a high level of compatibility with the popular velocity library for java a mindmapping-like tool for document generation (reports, thesis, etc) a configurable set of panels that display various debug information about the current request/response. utility which allows an ordinary user to mount an encrypted file system dahdi drivers for asterisk a simple nfo-viewer by brainpower armenian language pack for firefox beta library to help the exploitation of format string vulnerabilities a wrapper around the 2d physics library chipmunk group javascript libraries in /usr/share/javascript/ read and write serialized data from the ruby marshal library ros - 3d visualization tool for ros. a free, improved, classical monospaced typeface. ros - this metapackage depends on the smach library and ros smach integration packages. binary version of legacy ghc. compatible with haskell platform 2013.2 homegear base library a command-line utility to sign, encrypt or decrypt mime-formatted e-mail messages using gnupg. (extracted from courier sqwebmail.) plugin for vapoursynth: dctfilter (git version) ros - ros messages for universally unique identifiers. an advanced wysiwym document processor & latex front-end pantheon greeter for lightdm xstatic-angular-lrdragndrop identify the different types of hashes used to encrypt data and especially passwords the industrial tool to efficiently deploy the b method an native-code implementation of common lisp an opensource and free (libre, price) telephony system, similar to asterisk. github html processing filters and utilities addons to qtgui (mingw-w64) a simple wrapper for openvpn for use with private internet access collection of tools to manage teensy boards php extension and application repository tools to install ubuntu touch on nexus devices a powerline segment for showing the status of a git working copy the go font family simple & secure password management stream mjpeg frames from a webcam via http an arcade game that helps kids practice their math facts multiplatform pyqt-based rss news aggregator paged geometry plugin for ogre for fast rendering of trees and grass. simple command-line utility to convert csv files to searchable and sortable html table create a nice formatted table using ascii characters. multiplatform client to listen music from vkontakte.ru and last.fm services. multi-algo cpuminer & reference cryptonote miner (json-rpc 2.0) - git checkout numix project icon themes - updated with numix core a command-line it/xm/s3m/mod player a security scanner, that checks computer for known problems. can also use tripwire, aide and chkrootkit an extension created to quickly resolve the most common formatting mistakes smali (dalvik bytecode) syntax highlighter for gtk apps like gedit speeds up your transcription process remake of classic ylmfos theme with some mods for icons to scale right. simple command-line utility to record dvb streams. calligraphic typeface from google by brian j. bonislawsky hydraulic and hidrologic modelation engine for wastewater drainage systems. bitcoin p2p network library gui tools for firejail #archlinux fortune cookie file antenna radiation pattern visualization software a simple single sign-on (sso) for nginx, written in lua apache manual html pages git official release an open alternative to hsr mapper for hsr students kde connect telepathyqt-based connection manager a suite of tools developed by solarflare for probing network performance. gajim plugin for http upload (xep-0363). perl6 module installer catholic prayers reminder, contains angelus and 3 o'clock prayer a bdf font editor ros - this package provides a recovery behavior for the navigation stack that attempts to clear space by performing a 360 degree rotation of the robot. a keyboard-oriented, highly-customizable, highly-extensible web browser based on mozilla xulrunner. a kernel module for realtek 8168 network cards(pf kernel) simple slack client for the cli opensource-reimplementation of the zengine, used by the game 'gothic' command-line app to create and edit releases on github (and upload artifacts), fork of github-release. multiprecision rootfinder for complex roots of univariate polynomials us holiday's as datetime::set objects simple signal/slot implementation free rdp client - git checkout a fully compliant haskell 98 lexer. ros - metapackage for moveit plugins. various extra foils for mse. this one is the old foil gradient. interactive c interpreter built on the top of llvm and clang libraries. 3d interface to explore the globe, terrain, streets, buildings and other planets - pro steelseries sensei raw configuration tool command line tool to search/install/update android applications google playstore able to run with cronjob, in order to automatically update an f-droid server instance computation of the matrix exponential and related quantities cups wrapper for brother hl-l8360cdw printer ros - underlying data libraries for roscpp messages. plugin to status notifier indicators in the xfce4 panel ham radio dx-cluster client lao ttf fonts, windows grid wars 2: a clone of geometry wars a simple framebuffer graphics library emacs speaks statistics: a universal interface for statistical analysis whole-genome shotgun assembler mouse & touchpad plug for switchboard gtk3 library with my modifications (see readme). epson workforce wf-7610 series printer driver telcom theme pack for xde builds phylogenies from dna or protein sequences using a maximum likelihood approach facility for creating read-only scalars, arrays, and hashes lsi cfggen utility for 1064/1068 based lsi fusion mpt sas devices open-source, cross-platform c toolkit for segmentation and registration generic data encoding/decoding application built with pyqt5 a small python utitlity to keep your application settings in sync. library project for developers who would like to support popular graphics image formats smb for fuse is a samba shares filesystem a diffie-hellman parameter generator/verifier/converter firefox extension to protect web habits from tracking and profiling a google play music console player written in go (git version) fortune quotes from dark angel network access library for the rio karma a perl interface to the f5 icontrol api a python library for a heap with decrease- and increase-key operations. an extension of the flexible collision library webcamoid is a full featured webcam capture application. application that uses samba to create a storage pool of all your available hard drives and allows you to create redundant copies of the files you store, in order to prevent data loss when part of your hardware fails. high-performance c multibody dynamics/physics library for simulating articulated biomechanical and mechanical systems like vehicles, robots, and the human skeleton. an ntlm, ntlm2sr, and ntlmv2 authenticating http proxy fortran front-end for gcc for multilib with x32 abi support a tool to massively recompile archlinux packages from sources a simple autostart application for openbox simple gtk2 gui for darkice a cross-platform application and ui framework french -> german dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org doom 3 data via steam fastrpc library after the deadline command-line tool. a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the arm64 target generate human-readable, random object names. (python2 version) content management system (web-cms) server written in erlang epson printer driver (px-105, px-505f, px-535f) process single-character options with option clustering a pthread-based thread pool implementation for c/c (git version) finnish dictionary for aspell open source computer vision library - java bindings pokémon core series save editor, programmed in c#. libwpd utilities for converting wordperfect(tm) and visio(tm) documents to odt and odg d-bus service for apertium simple webkit2gtk browser scientific python development environment providing matlab-like features (python 3 version) persistent lexical variable values for arbitrary calls. highlight insecure ssl configuration in vim (works for all openssl/ libressl cipher strings, independent of the filetype) der open source simulator für den elektronischen personalausweis contacts app for nextcloud none the swift programming language debugger (lldb) and repl a simple arm assembler. a typeface used in edward tufte's books (type1) allows starting ssh connections with krunner a free, open source, and cross-platform media player (with all possible libs) lpr and cups driver for brother td-2130n label printer a systray app to set the jack configuration from qjackctl presets via dbus. the official invader zim font direct from nickelodeon a tool to automate sampling of midi-capable instruments. anonymous p2p file sharing software kernel headers sanitized for use in userspace (arm-frc-linux-gnueabi) fedora 9 (sulphur) waves backgrounds. an imgur uploader bash script classes and tools to view *.hdf5-files a c library to read and write the apache parquet columnar data format. toolkit for processing sequences in fasta/q formats reference implementation of the dirfile standards maltego community edition emacs package that displays available keybindings in popup lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j5520dw printer emacs major mode for standard scheme editing an intelligent ide for java, groovy and other programming languages with advanced refactoring features intensely focused on developer productivity. simple mapping and gis .shp file functions. the free and open source and cross platform screen sharing software. opensc compiled with openct instead of pcsc, working with e.g. safenet/aladdin etoken pro 64k global cli for broccoli.js a universal framework for cross-platform visualization applications shell interface for teaching the socket api the gnu compiler collection (arm-linux-gnueabihf) debug-oriented fork of bsnes v073 kisslicer is a fast, easy-to-use, cross-platform program that takes 3d files (stl) and generates path information (g-code) for a 3d printer. the free version has all the features needed for the hobbyist who uses a single-head machine. android sdk platform, api-16 experimental port of steve harris' ladspa plugins to lv2 format spectrum analyzer for multiple sdr platforms (pyqtgraph based gui for soapy_power, rx_power, rtl_power, hackrf_sweep and other backends) password and account management tool suite with support for shadow files and pam - selinux support logitech media server integration for nuvola player. an advanced, stable and fast ircd a sorted associative collection. console based scrabble like game a tool for quickly dumping the tokens of a php sourcecode file. backlight for mba6x to fix post suspend/resume brightness. a collection management application an environment for a first course in assembly language programming package provides binary-, redblack- and avl-trees in python and cython. an irc (internet relay chat) client. notify about journal log entries javascript vnc client lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j5320dw misc. small utilities mainly for bash c testing library implementing the test anything protocol lpr and cups driver for the brother hl-3180cdw ros - generic keyboard teleop for twist robots. update intel soc firmware over usb using the dnx protocol set and clear input and output headers (module for mainline nginx) a pretty janky assembly repl vim defaults everyone can agree on dahdi drivers for asterisk (digium, openvox, allo and yeastar cards) x264 with mpeg-2 video support (git version) gtk volume mixer applet that runs in the system tray. a python 3 bitcoin blockchain parser python client for elasticsearch the amdgpu pro userspace interface to kernel drm services (32bit libraries) a support library for building plugins systems in python. none pacemaker corosync shell utility for cluster configuration manage and organize your electronic components, datasheets and application notes pure python off-the-record encryption tool built on top of git to help manage many git repositories. part of the android project. the cake scheduler, bufferbloat.net . common libraries for the- applications by victor tran display info about a glx extension and opengl renderer. standalone binary from the mesa-demos project. lyrics platform where users can search and share lyrics shell commands for managing rt-middleware running on openrtm-aist the zephir parser delivered as a c extension for the php language. a simple indicator for controlling a synaptics touchpad an aur helper that minimizes user interaction standalone web browser from mozilla.org, developer build - german a bbs terminal program, supports ansi music and the ibm charset when possible. will run from a console, under x11 using xlib, or using sdl. an elegant music player which can get songs from kuwo.cn the linux-up kernel and modules with up board gpio patches internet calendaring, ruby style encrypted and distributed secret sharing software xapian bindings cw tutor & generator - program suite - ham radio script to print a summary of git author contributions simple caching proxy server with special features (request, recursive fetch, subscription, modify html, ...) for use with dial-up internet links. includes startup scripts for openrc, system v init, systemd. simple and fast image loading library for the nintendo 3ds (using sf2dlib and ctrulib) red dot cursor theme mysql client libraries, v5.6 ros - metapacakge that installs all available planners for moveit. an advanced irc client based on ircii client. very strong encryption and decryption utility with optional plausible deniability, image embedding, and multiple/variable passphrase complexity a library that provides an implementation of the last.fm protocol a free japanese visual novel game, translated into english. this package includes both narcissu and narcissu: side 2nd. a c/c api to read and write mpq files with support for merged archives, patch mpqs and more. (mingw-w64) movie playback and image processing software for the film and computer animation industries simple api for sphero 1 and 2.0 written in c transparent application input fuzzer a query-oriented data management system c client for tldr: a simplified and community-driven man pages generalized inverted indexing upload videos to youtube from the command-line. fluxbox style for jet-gray and zukitwo dark a ruby wrapper for the world wide web consortium's online validation services. a flat, minimalistic, and bright gtk theme. a python 2 module to create a http proxy in a docker container and use it the c preprocessor written in ocaml fortune quotes from sherlock nvidia's opencl implemention for 'nvidia-utils-full-beta-all' send user notifications on mac os x 10.10 or higher. dockapp which displays network activity in different lcd styles mail for ruby applications and hanami mailers. open source programming utility for autoelectric.cn minipro tl866 a utility for graphical configuration of logical volumes bandit is a security linter for python source code, utilizing the ast module from the python standard library. binary i/o c class library a commercial computer algebra system developed and sold commercially by maplesoft. version 18. openss7 fast-streams and protocol suites ( kernel modules) computational identification of snornas with unknown targets the tex gyre (tg) collection of fonts. restricting skype for linux access a desktop-wide extension service a http benchmarking tool based mostly on wrk a python interface to asterisk nonblocking async c client library for nsq (git version) markup language and parser for writing and distributing patches for modular synthesizers. mariadb connector/c is used to connect applications developed in c/c to mariadb and mysql databases (mingw-w64) tbs proprietary firmware a flat theme for enlightenment (warning: will pull latest revision of efl to compile the theme) closed source opengl zdoom port with client/server multiplayer. the python 3.4 standard 'ssl' module api implemented on top of pyopenssl a sphinx extension for bibtex style citations herwig is a multi-purpose particle physics event generator. ssh-add helper that uses kwallet and kpassworddialog spell checking for qt text widgets web-based bug tracking system written on php. includes fully custom templates, advanced filters, ldap support, email notifications, subscriptions, reminders, flexible permissions management and graphical project metrics color picker tool for deepin. a modern terminal client frame configuration management for gnu emacs modelled after gnu screen assemble and manipulate binary and object files for 32bit and 64bit risc-v epson printer driver (stylus nx330, nx430, sx430w, sx435w, sx440w, sx445w, tx430w, tx435w) vulkan loader for amdgpu-pro (it sucks, but you have to download it yourself and put it in the same directory as your pkgbuild, see url), make sure you don't have dpkg installed high-performance visualization tool for interactive exploration of large, integrated genomic datasets. this is a json implementation as a ruby extension in c emulate mysql password() function. dockapp graphics library a generic and open source processor emulator which achieves a good emulation speed by using dynamic translation. built on top of qemu-saren-git. cpu pinning support included (#branch=v2.10.1-pinning). this is a libdvdnav wrapper library which can be used to simply build a dvd player frontend for dream multimedia settop boxes. one of the dependencies for enigma2 project. generic library for reporting various problems a python class for reading and writing orgmode files authentication module for apache that authenticates the user against a saml 2.0 idp, and grants access to directories depending on attributes received from the idp. expert guide, a norton guide reader for gnu/linux allow user to interact with android chroot easily a sudo frontend for kde. kf5 frameworks branch. (bzr version) icarus verilog simulation and synthesis tool a fast xml/dom/xpath package for tcl written in c a utility to modify the "coordinate transformation matrix" of an xinput2 pointer device. a font for the language of both demons and angels. fast tracker ii inspired music tracker docking framework for swing a build tool for (non?)-scientific figures hypergeometric optimization of motif enrichment a simple terminal ftp client, using ncurses. it aims to be more user friendly than other interactive terminal clients by presenting a fullscreen representation of the remote directory. fast artificial neural network library centerim5 - an ncurses based terminal chat client - git development version generates a graph of all of the signature relationships in a gpg/pgp keyring mikogo screen-sharing server a clone of voxlap ace of spades 0.75 throw a band of semi-suicidal splatters across the stage, ignite a series of explosions statically linked qemu-arm, qemu-armeb and qemu-aarch64 executables from alpine a flexible, locally hosted, cross-platform note-taking application simple python 3 deluge client record, convert, and stream audio and video (all codecs including nvidia nvenc) random python wsgi stuff youtube videos on the command line android x86 atom system image, api-17 vandyke securecrt & securefx ssh client a fast cjk virtual console library for handling mail messages and newsgroup articles a python and c lc-3 simulator frontend in qt signals and slots implementation with asyncio support gnu c library headers (powerpc-linux-gnu) an alternative to using /dev/random perl interface to the gost r 34.11-94 digest algorithm lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j6710dw printer php55 debugging extension this rbenv plugin automatically runs rbenv rehash every time you install or uninstall a gem pdf chain is a graphical user interface for the pdf tool kit qt-based cross-platform total commander-like orthodox file manager for windows, mac and linux pure ruby gem that implements the mqtt protocol launcher and configuration program for fs-uae (development version). next generation client for berkeley open infrastructure for network computing. special functions including ellipitic functions, etc metapackage for all the base group. new gtk 3.0 theming engine by andrea cimitan python extension module that allows access to oracle databases converts between the icc color profile format and xml linux namespaces sandbox program (git version) a graphical patch bay for the alsa sequencer api and the jack audio api varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko another calendar-based tarsnap script burn images to sd cards & usb drives, safe & easy a command-line client for mega.co.nz storage service runtime libraries shipped by gcc (x32 abi) database data editing tool written in php a viewer and analyser of music audio files. gui for the avrdude atmel progammer tool an extensible i3status replacement/wrapper written in python a fully-featured game engine, the tech behind the spectacular frogatto & friends. perl extension for working with chemical elements the reference net workshop - xrn plug-in the open source cfd toolbox sync/backup your photos to flickr easily jack audio devices and simulation for gnucap ros - ros driver for devices supporting the ieee 1394 digital camera (iidc) protocol. ibm tivoli storage manager client fast splice junction mapper for rna-seq reads highly customizable 2d epg viewer plugin. krita plugin for the g'mic image processing framework a library written in python which allows to see and edit a binary files field per field. a wad file composer for doom, heretic, hexen and strife pyqt4 widget that implements a full-featured text editor pantheon 3d session (replaces gala with compiz) ros - a python gui plugin for introspecting available ros message types. fifo library for lua 5.1 python bindings and utlities for geojson a fast and accurte part-of-speach tagger for python 2 based on the averaged perception. for use with textblob perl extension for return the total amount of physical memory pandoc  styles fits to png convertor a toolkit for building scalable, community-oriented web applications. bindings to libarchive with lwt support perl module compilation cli version of master password c wrapper for clutter-gtk, allowing you to use cluttermm with gtkmm windows and widgets the runtime library "msrestazure" for autorest generated python clients. a command-line todo list manager for people that want to finish tasks, not organize them. projectm plugin for xmms (git version) fast dynamic tiling window manager based on monsterwm-xcb simple ldap backup and insertion tasks bash script to convert flac files to mp3 format provides a margin of safety against data loss on cd and dvd media caused by aging or scratches small utility for creating desktop icons using pixmaps python wrappers for the crypto library fuse-based transcoding filesystem from flac to mp3 advanced doom source port with opengl support (git version) manipulate images with minimal use of memory via imagemagick. cpu frequency driver - dkms automatic module generation after kernel upgrade epoxy is a library for handling opengl function pointer management for you graphlab create is an extensible machine learning framework. the c-based/cached/core computer vision library duke nukem 3d shareware episode for eduke32 jupyter kernel for gap perl module dependency manager (aka bundler for perl) papirus dark theme for yakuake (git version) python bindings for libjiu, a userspace library to do journaled, transaction-oriented i/o. imap module for php user-friendly python interface to ode solvers a multilayer and overlappable gui system for ogre. built against ogre 1.8. fastqc port to qt5: a quality control tool for high throughput sequence data. ros - tf2_msgs. classes for audio, video, radio and camera functionality json incremental digger android sdk platform, api-19 amazon s3 transfer manager for python for aws convert images to header files for ndless libraries the really open source information gathering tool google chrome native messaging cores for dnssec & tlsa validator lpr and cups driver for brother ql-650td label printer a gtk2 file manager with two panels - git checkout none stitch and create 360° videos automatically with autopano video beta (trial version). a dock app for monitoring internet connections ocaml bindings to the lame mp3 encoder gtk client program for the nomad jukebox with mtp support static c code checker password strength estimator on call will change the background to a google earth image tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (pt-br) open-source productivity booster with a brain. openfabrics alliance infiniband proxy daemon unit conversion utility with 51 categories and 972 units baidumusic plugin for deepin music player rust support for google's protocol buffers web tool for database management. install this in any server, and it allows anybody with a web browser to connect to any database server. med stands for modelisation et echanges de donnees, i.e. data modelization and exchanges - this version is built to be linked against salome-med on x86_64 a utility for managing multiple sshfs profiles from the commandline a high performance, open source, general rpc framework that puts mobile and http/2 first. plugin for writing and editing documents in pandoc's extended markdown a virtual network service for openstack - mlnx plugin mashes up moosex::getopt and app::cmd a lightweight dynamic language for the jvm. epson printer driver (artisan 1430, stylus photo 1430, 1500) semantic audio feature extraction vst plugins utilities for exfat file system gcc plugin that embeds cpython inside the compiler adjusts the color temperature of your screen according to your surroundings, with experimental wayland support through gnomerr. turn your favorite shell scripts into modular automation with standardized options handling, command line completion, documentation generation, and a built-in test framework rar archive reader for python an authenticator designed to be used for web authentication python interface to cmu sphinxbase and pocketsphinx libraries customize your favorite web sites with user styles. emacs lisp pcap file viewer a clean-up effort of fvwm (with rounded corner patch) extensive hook for operations on a veracrypt encrypted non root devices the paypal rest sdk provides python apis to create, process and manage payment small, customizable twin-panel file manager a high-level scripting language (32 bit) release tests for version numbers a qt http server - because hard-core programmers write web-apps in c :) portuguese (brazilian) dictionary for wps office a portable general-purpose computer algebra system utilities for implementing a modified pre-order traversal tree in django. ros - robot_model contains packages for modeling various aspects of robot information, specified in the xml robot description format (urdf). ecmwf interpolation library antlr4 to perl6 conversion tool agent to send information to a check_mk server a cuda backend for torch7 mime encoded email pack alteration tool note station for desktop connects you with note station on your synology nas. you can manage all the notes/to-do list offline, right from your local computer. a fast and powerful open source alternative to grep. an orm for config files ros - smach is a task-level architecture for rapidly creating complex robot behavior. service for the elephant drive encrypted cloud backup service mp495 cups driver lightweight 32-bit chroot intended for 64-bit systems. a multi-threaded linux/unix tool for brute-force cracking local user accounts via su a complete, free 3d printing solution for discovering, managing, and sharing your 3d prints. a features-rich front end to the password encryption function crypt(3). sync android notifications encrypted to a linux desktop with tcp or bluetooth ros - this includes a suite of programs demoing various aspects of the ecl_core. bounded model checking for ansi-c a (wip) low-level game engine written in c with c and lua bindings. greybird style for fluxbox paq8 series of archivers, resurrected by new maintainers library for raising indicators via dbus emulator for various ibm pc computers and clones. library for decoding mpeg-1 and mpeg-2 video streams, lib32. all you need to find, install, and manage mods for kerbal space program (ksp) clipboard manager with searchable and editable history. itemweb plugin. better collada exporter for blender, made for the godot engine a roguelike game based on the fps doom. offers svdrp connections as a service to other plugins source client for broadcasting in mp3 format to an icecast2 server remote vanilla pdb (over tcp sockets) done right: no extras, proper handling around connection failures and ci. based on pdbx. script-based movie editing with python (git version) cam application to produce tool paths and gcode from dxf files a suite of applications used to implement snmp v1, snmp v2c and snmp v3 using both ipv4 and ipv6 a web browser built for speed, simplicity, and security (gtk2 version) provides physics simulation code for strongly correlated quantum mechanical systems openerp gtk client you're a seahorse - and you want to go to the moon! adlib sound player library swedish thesaurus caching full resolver implementation cyrus account management a dark gray theme for openbox search and retrieval by url ensure changes has content before releasing import and export tools for elasticsearch simplified version of swfdec-mozilla that works in chromium vi-style interface to 3d modeling and simulation built in c and opengl none utilities and helpers for writing pylint plugins complex pathway simulator for analysis of biochemical networks and their dynamics a simple plugin to allow a right-click, context menu scan of files or folders in thunar. a library for reading and writing configuration files. a python module for command line applications gnu grand unified bootloader (2) openbox with rounded corners patch and anything else i deem useful. a set of version requirements for a cpan dist perl/cpan module dbix::class::schema::populatemore: an enhanced populate method gnu binary utilities for the rl78-elf target peer-to-peer vpn. provides a commandline and dbus interface for secure signal/textsecure messaging. amqp support for postgres slick evil states for iedit. lightdm qt4 client library cross-platform, 3d and historically-based real-time strategy game — built from git source tree. warning: the 0ad git repo is approximately 3 gb in size! voice codecs for p25, provoice, half rate new wave internationalisation support for ruby ffmpeg modified for openpht 1.8 command line client for medium tools to help hacking allwinner based devices. (a10, a20, sun4i, sun7i) remotely connect to a gaming pc for a low latency remote computing experience logitech k290 fn-key configuration feature-complete version of ublock as maintained by gorhill, git version. ros - a ros driver for v4l usb cameras. intel local manageability service basic method declarations with signatures, without source filters super check partial database files for ham radio contesting pyzo is a cross-platform python ide focused on interactivity and introspection, which makes it very suitable for scientific computing. an optimized cblas library based on gotoblas2 1.13 bsd softphone for voice over ip and im communication using sip perl/cpan module lingua::stem::snowball: perl interface to snowball stemmers. userspace utilities for tracing linux block layer i/o pastel yellow and green theme for gtk2 and gtk3 (3.10 and 3.20) gscanbus is a little bus scanning, testing and topology visualizing tool for the linux ieee1394 subsystem ros - provides a cmake config for the default version of gazebo for the ros distribution. run javascript code from python. plugins for moon player canon ij printer driver (for multifunction mp640 series) twisted protocols for interaction with asterisk pbx a modern, coquettish script font that sits somewhere between your high school girlfriend’s love notes and handwritten letters from the '20s. ieee 802.11 ap, ieee 802.1x/wpa/wpa2/eap/radius authenticator python stomp client, supporting versions 1.0, 1.1 and 1.2 of the protocol wx::scintilla - scintilla source code editing component for wxwidgets - developer release a use-package declaration for simplifying your .emacs cross platform personal finance application written in java a feature complete glpk interface for the pure programming language. optimization library start a * or # search from the visual selection parallels virtualization integration services & drivers ros - some basic robot controllers for use with robot_controllers_interface. manipulate a radio controlled clock via speaker html linter for bootstrap projects open source memory and cache benchmark (up version) a c library for reading/writing/editing vsq file for vocaloid2 and vocaloid1 dispatcher script for ddclient sdk for building nuvola player's web app scripts mojolicious support for padre demo song for ardour pytest plugin to manage external processes across test runs. an open source vehicle simulator based on soft-body physics pico editor clone with enhancements, git version note-taking app with robust markdown editor read junit/xunit xml files and map them to python objects. pandoc cite processor - executable only, without 750mb haskell depends/makedepends support for antlr parser generator in eclipse gnu circuit analysis package (autotools branch) twiddles the cursor while your bored and waiting -*note:without hi-res dep lode runner online: mad monks' revenge. a puzzle video game from 1995 a set of python bindings for the djvulibre library the libbuspirate is a c library to talk with the bus pirate hardware command line tools written in c for the mqtt-sn (mqtt for sensor networks) protocol ocaml syntax extension for deriving "compare" functions automatically an integrated java environment specifically designed for introductory teaching a simple python binding for ebtables ntfs-3g plugin for reading "system compressed" files remote control (tethering) linux (x86, arm), windows, android software for pentax dslr cameras. a freeware roguelike with very detailed characters. python extension to the swiss ephemeris. (python 3 version) mark h. weaver's netris - a networked terminal version of tetris. this is my fork, which itself is based on nathan aclander's fork. a free closed-source project management system qemu iscsi block module. git version. c language family frontend for llvm copy stdin to stdout and stderr, unbuffered mapi plugin for evolution. lf: a terminal file manager, heavily inspired by ranger (precompiled binary from official repository) software for opening links from snaps in desktop the gnome virtual file system (32 bit) a dotfiles manager apache james mime4j naumen softphone cef plugin. software phone from naumen isc enable numlock in early userspace static analysis / emulation / symbolik analysis framework for pe/elf/mach-o/blob binary formats on various architectures python game library action role-playing game (arpg, like diablo) ros - common code for working with images in ros. meta-package for the base languages of camisole a dutch female voice for the mbrola synthesizer yet another high resolution game with blocks like minecraft! an implementation of the xmms2 media player interface mpris as a client for mpd qt5 ui for hantek dso2xxx/dso52xx/6022be/bl oscilloscopes. including firmware a library for parsing and interpreting the results of computational chemistry packages. cerebro is an open source elasticsearch web admin tool built using scala, play framework, angularjs and bootstrap. duplicity front-end sp flash tool is an application to flash your mediatek (mtk) smartphone. tt-rss plugin to enable embedded videos in feeds a simple program that lists results from the hardware detection library. a simple cli tool for ensuring that a given node script runs continuously (i.e. forever) integrate kdeconnect on desktop environments that use appindicators (e.g. unity) reads text on stdin and produces colorized and stylized output calendar applet for budgie desktop erp/crm for small and medium companies dockbarx theme simple command line utility to helps keeping track of your expenses and the state of your budget. code attribute introspection albert extension to access copyq clipboard history python bindings for jq windows 7-like theme for dockbarx ros - core libraries used by moveit!. a software application that you install on your computer to use your national identity card or your electronic residence permit for online identification windmill web tester a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the x86_64-elf target command-line cloud music player for linux with spotify, google play music, youtube, soundcloud, and dirble support audio analysis and audio-based music information retrieval (binary for acousticbrainz) perl module to refresh %inc files when updated on disk perl bindings for the tumblr api common headers files for hdf-eos2 and hdf-eos5 run command on rectangular screen regions, e.g. screenshot, screencast fork and exec a process "safely" a unix implementation of newsqueak. mount pack and wad files via fuse. instagram api client a small http proxy to simplify routing images through an ssl host add a file -> restart menu item and a ctrl/cmd  alt  r hotkey to restart firefox or seamonkey a window manager for mate (gtk3 version) divelog program a virtual network service for openstack - open vswitch plugin brother cups and lpd driver for dcp-9055cdn a secure stateful firewall for both single and multi-homed machine naming convention checker for python/flake qt gui for weechat a free, self-hostable aggregator… java api to display mathematical formulas written in latex a multiplayer flying saucer racing game ros - diagnostic_updater contains tools for easily updating diagnostics. plugin for vapoursynth: descale (git version) ryzom is a free to play mmorpg . this is the version to run a server yet another json library (mingw-w64) papirus dark decorations for kwin (git version) convert terminal recordings to animated gifs python thread-safe counter using cffi python function that returns the needed variation of a word. emulator front-end primarily designed for use with arcade cabinets (development version) stereo digital effects processor with jack support a configurable, general-purpose http/2 web server for any platform system monitor designed as a window maker dockapp a virtual network service for openstack - l3 agent online antivirus and anti-phishing tool tmux with a "clusterssh"-like behaviour a library that is used to make fuzzy comparisons of strings and byte arrays, including multi-byte character strings devel::fastprof - "fast" perl per-line profiler markdown filter module for apache httpd server ros - the move_group node for moveit. assemble multiple regular expressions into a single re a graphical cash register for small companies creates an initial point for molecular dynamics simulations by packing molecules in defined regions of space. provide a friendly gui frontend to some common management tasks for openmoko smartphones. a log viewer for the systemd journal asset management application for python web development advanced key-value store (git unstable branch) an up and coming release of the mgba emulator with ds support gui frontend for puush which will create a system tray icon. extensible, high performance object-relational mapper (orm) flash programming utility for microchip pic32 microcontrollers a software for sleep analysis in drosophila basic plugins for everyday needs. convert visual studio 2010 project(vcxproj) to cmakefile.txt interface to keepass v1 and v2 database files a numeric optimization package for torch. tcga data portal apache module to run pam authorization on result of other module's authentication; also full basic auth pam provider. this plugin enables transcoding to ac-3. dxr3 vdr-plugin (0.2-branch) test a list of subroutines provided by a module node app to download subtitles for you tv shows a command line tool to install base16 templates and set themes globally. virtual distributed ethernet for emulators like qemu ldap authentication through openldap for prosody (simpler than auth_ldap2) tools for arch linux package maintainers perl/cpan module net::google::authenticator meshnodes is a minetest-mod that transforms ordinary minetest nodes into a connected array of replica entities to which players can attach to and manoeuvre. official colorful emojione font super light regular expression library a django app that provides markdown-related template tags surface metrology command line tool and library. a particle physics package for the fast numerical evaluation of tree and one-loop matrix elements. ukrainian spelling dictionary sdk for communicating with dynamixel motors (c and c bindings) mob framework mod (former animals mod) provides a framework for creating mobs in minetest flexible collision library. rendering system for physically correct, unbiased image synthesis java based command line tools that aid in the inspection of the parquet files perl/cpan io::termios module - supply termios(3) methods to io::handle objects simplistic gtk bindings for rakudo perl 6 a library for pasori(felica reader) rc-s3* series open source sip stack and media stack (also known as pjsip) a simple script fetching the comments of packages in aur a vt102 terminal emulator intended as a replacement for xterm. the gnu compiler collection for the msp430-elf target. freedesktop.org message bus system (mingw-w64) abstraction for enumerating power devices, listening to device events and querying history and statistics (with a patch to disable low battery action) preview a full grub 2.x theme (or just a background image) using kvm/qemu calculix: 3d finite element solver and post-processor (executables) updated minecraft launcher built with tar file the ultimate vcd files comparator a cross platform c/c/php and node.js ide written in c a terminal client to access srrdb.com, written in go. plugin for vapoursynth: fluxsmooth (git version) a gorgeous modern sans-serif with a very long neck. jdupes is a program for identifying duplicate files residing within specified directories self-contained, high-reliability, embedded, full-featured, public-domain, sql database engine python library for calculating crc16 tool for finding clones in software written in python. script to create vmware virtual machine python module to interact with remote controls via lirc. ktap kernel module, userpace tool and vim plugin heli-x rc flight simulator module providing access to cairo from within lua explicitly handled object names the linux kernel and modules with galliumos patches for chromebooks fabforce's visual database design system a cli based calculator that supports variables and uses sdl2 to do graphs. the arukas cli provides the .net core software development kit (sdk). a fuzzy logic toolkit for scipy a 2d fantasy underwater action-adventure game (open source edition of the engine = original v1.1.3  many improvements) ros - tools for operating on shape messages. firefox extension that defaults to full screen, disables all menus, toolbars, key commands and right button menus netbeans ide for java ee lightweight, execline-style tools to build restricted linux namespaces fortune quotes from better off ted this is full dropin replacement for llthreads library allows internet access limits for individual users on an avm fritz!box lightweight & cross-platform clipboard history applet based on qt a simple class for iterating over perl arrays infer perl 6 classes from json input kernel module for mediatek mt7601u usb dongles, written from scratch based on the vendor gpl-driver. unlike the vendor driver this driver uses modern linux wifi infrastructure and should work flawlessly with networkmanager, wicd, wpa_supplicant and such. yeoman generator for angularjs rocket arena is a modification for quake 3 where players compete in multiple arenas tournament style. kde-based distributed irc client (client only) object oriented mvc framework for opengl, sdl2 and gnu c. inspired by apple's appkit. a document database featuring a powerful query language and unrivaled performance at scale. the at&t research regression test harness for the x/open regex pattern match interface library for encoding h264/avc video streams (10bit depth) (git) a data-parallel functional programming language a better wechat client perl 6 module manager. puush4linux is a linux client for the popular screenshot host puush. puush4linux aims to reach feature parity with the official windows puush client. it currently supports authentication, taking screenshots and file uploading. simple python wrapper for the goo.gl api parrot streaming library cyclic redundancy check (crc) implementation in python. jdbc driver for sqlite an offline-caching, synchronization and indexing system for pim data ros - tf2 is the second generation of the transform library, which lets the user keep track of multiple coordinate frames over time. manage decentralized steplib step (script) collections. the arch wiki as linux man pages guile scheme generic database interface a minimalist floating window manager written on top of the xcb miller is like sed, awk, cut, join, and sort for name-indexed data such as csv efficient file backup system based on the git packfile format poppler glib bindings netcat that takes unfair advantage of traffic shaping systems that don't initially ratelimit screencast tool to show your keys inspired by screenflick, based on key-mon. active fork with new features. python cellprofiler’s java dependencies virtual filesystem implementation for gio, nosystemd version (smb/cifs backend; windows client) a home designer based on blender a dense linear algebra library, similar to lapack, for doing caluclations on gpus and cpus simultaneously (built against cuda and atlas-lapack) vietnamese language pack for firefox beta a python library for accessing the entire twitter api statically typed programming language selinux policy compiler prettiest, easiest to use pastebin ever made a high-quality data compression program (psp) ham radio hf beacon assistant module signature file manipulation firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - kabyle network management daemon with wi-fi scanning disabled when already connected (improves reliability of the connection in several wireless cards) a modular machine learning library for python ros - this package retrieves data from url-format files such as http://, ftp://, package:// file://, etc., and loads the data into memory. (de)compress from standard input to standard output using libzpaq stable version of free .net implementation. a python library to read from and write to fits files. a tool to convert xfig figures to eps with embedded latex commands a turkish female voice for the mbrola synthesizer natural language processing (nlp) toolchain that can work word lattices. a hot-deployable variant of net::server::prefork generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - netgen plugin perl package that handles soap v1.2 protocol a fast csv toolkit written in rust very fast piet interpreter using its own gif implementation brain-stretching game in which you must build loops out of sections of pipe microsoft drivers for php for sql server ruby-locale is the pure ruby library which provides basic apis for localization. fast, lightweight i3status replacement written in go manage halon (http://halon.se) sp servers easily hts voice for open jtalk library for controlling audio cds and interacting with cddb (32 bit) an ncurses-based command-line player for 8tracks.com python library for connecting to and controlling the logitech harmony link image processing routines for scipy a graphical user interface for the international skat server (iss). sonus dept. vcv modules secure wordlist-based passphrase generator top-like interface for container metrics parallax propeller loader supporting both serial and wifi downloads utilities to filter, merge, and generate html from ical files standalone python2 implementation of the tal, tales and metal specifications used in zope to power html and xml templates. a standalone language identification (langid) tool novell messenger client for linux tool for refactoring expressions into pointfree form blogc is a blog compiler. it converts source files and templates into blog/website resources collection of pixel-perfect reproductions of pc and compatible bios fonts an integrated development environment (ide) for r (binary version from rstudio official repository) hocon parser for python conversion of irc messages into intermediate representation analysis of rates (r8s) of evolution cross-platform desktop application that allows users to trade national currency (dollars, euros, etc) for bitcoin without relying on centralized exchanges the open lighting architecture (ola) provides a plugin framework for distributing dmx512 control signals on mac and linux alpm utils for octopi an open-souce flac audio encoder nscope software ros - message and service data structures for interacting with gazebo from ros. epson printer driver (px-404a) header files and scripts for building modules for linux-ck-fbcondecor kernel a simple client for morgenlichtd, written in c. dynamic dns client updater for no-ip.com services a qt library for creating printable reports (mingw-w64) really simple json and xml parsing, ripped from merb and rails. tools to access cp/m disks a toolkit of support libraries and ruby core extensions extracted from the rails framework. fortune cookies: farscape (tv series), scraped from https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/farscape dxr3 and hollywood driver intel library for rdrand and rdseed instructions workspace multi-scm commands development-tools for tinyos xstatic-jquery plugin for ruby 2.2 support unstandard python library of useful and highly-reusable functions. serve or receive files from shell via a small http server better ini parser library for python generic c finite element library. java cryptography apis (bouncy castle) package for pkix/cms/eac/dvcs/pkcs/tsp/openssl a python interface to last.fm's acoustic fingerprinting library and its related api servicesa kiss doll viewer for gnome power savings tool for linux cross platform text-to-speech interface teeworlds web panel for management of local teeworlds servers lua html5 parser and dom api cairo plotting library extract cursors and icons from ms windows compatible resource files pygraphviz is a python interface to the graphviz graph layout and visualization package. voice recordings for freeswitch settlers ii remake (needs a copy of the original game!) a terminal emulator for gnustep image::metadata::jpeg - perl extension for showing/modifying jpeg (meta)data. a popular balanced spring mod based on absolute annihilation an improbable web debugger through websockets (client only) ros - rqt_gui provides the main to start an instance of the ros integrated graphical user interface provided by qt_gui. implementations of common encoders and decoders such as base64, hex, phonetic and urls fortune quotes from bunheads none nftables firewall script with profiles python wrapper for the bcm2835 library f-droid repository management tools a roguelike game with a quest-centric, plot driven structure standard template library for extra large data sets a 3d table tennis game ruby/gstreamer is a ruby binding for gstreamer. a gtk frontend for abgx360 linux /proc abstraction classes for python the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security. tls(1.3), rc5, md2 enabled. - git version toolkit for python-based database access. torch-7 ffi bindings for nvidia cudnn 7 lightweight greylisting & blacklisting daemon based on openbsd spamd a virtual network service for openstack - nuage plugin tank game for linux gnu's lightweight spreadsheet program with a curses-based interface tpm enabled grub2 bootloader test library that can be run in two modes; one to generate outputs and a second to compare against them generic numerical library for the d programming language curses-based top-esque console utility for monitoring the connectivity of network hosts apache archiva™ is an extensible repository management software that helps taking care of your own personal or enterprise-wide build artifact repository a graphical user interface client to rtorrent written in java. developer documentation for the free lossless audio codec (git version) make usb audio work for mc-m530 hifi utilities for using munsell colours a lazy-loading, fancy-sliceable iterable a free, opensource, multiplatform, universal viewer and toolbox intended for, but not limited to, timeseries storage files like eeg, emg, ecg, bioimpedance, etc. ardis circle icons theme alternative python bindings for gnu readline enhanced programmable ircii client ros - rqt_nav_view provides a gui for viewing navigation maps and paths. c language family frontend for llvm (3.9.x) lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-l2700dw backport/clone of chainmap for py26, py32, and pypy3 extract dsd files from an sacd image kernel module allowing to switch dedicated graphics card on optimus laptops for linux-mainline go game tournaments management program after school is a short videogame entirely handpainted on paper, using pencils and watercolors. tools to help manage data in a mergerfs pool a tool to create casio fx-cg addon (.g3a) files. kodi video plugin for streaming live and pre-recorded content from canadian websites a simple and automatic wallpaper changer supporting various backends for linux headers and utilities for the djgpp cross-compiler lv2 plugins to filter midi events ocaml library to generate modules from source files. identity management for flask. small framebuffer document viewer for pdf and djvu shared classes and tests for fog providers and services. a peer-to-peer, secure, easy-to-setup, multi-platform, open-source, highly-configurable vpn software. filebrowser with custom commands for vdr tiling script for kwin a collection of utilities and plugins extending and supplementing yum in different ways a python socks/http proxy module lekton font configures flask applications in a canonical way. also auto-configures heroku. aims to standardize configuration. open source implementation of nvidia's gamestream, as used by the nvidia shield mkinitcpio hook to display a message on boot wingpanel session indicator interfaces emacs to dbgp protocol with which you can debug running scripts interactively a source code analysis framework free version of the ssh connectivity tools printer driver for oki c610 (c610cdn; c610dn; c610dtn; c610n/ c710/ c711) wallpaper rotator for gnome using files found in ~/.gnome2/backgrounds.xml multi-platform emulecollection parser written in c nabi - the easy hangul xim an open source host, service and network monitoring program allows the speakup screen review system to use the espeak synthesizer an open source implementation of oz 3. random numbers and bytes mimicking arc4random a s1 protocol flashing software for sony xperia phones set of utilities to download tv listings and format them in xml software to download and upload tracks, routes and waypoints to the i-gotu series of gps loggers : gt-800, gt-800pro, gt-820pro and gt-900pro. lightweight system monitor for x a configurable talking tuna a general screenshot and upload utility for images, video, and gifs. build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) color palettes for python a backup service that allows you to back up your files from multiple client computers to a centralized synology nas fast file renaming utility with support for string, regex and case jansson library (for nintendo 3ds homebrew development) data analysis and scientific plotting - free clone of origin, with origin import enabled extra modules and scripts for cmake (mingw-w64) a game engine which provides a program to play doom levels. tabbed tiling, window manager. fork of ion3 job-based api for interacting with imap servers plugin for vapoursynth: fvsfunc (git version) custom font based on star wars galactic basic (aurebesh/aurek-besh) by tycho_ordo on theforce.net - arabic numbers version mit-screen-saver sample header files and scripts for building modules for linux kernel with galliumos patches for chromebooks standalone web browser from mozilla.org - eme free release (ru) much better ocaml indentation, and more open source computer vision library (legacy version) a persian font series derived from x series 2, metafont and farsitex fonts with kashida feature. ros - actionlib_msgs defines the common messages to interact with an action server and an action client. tiny c compiler open source reimplementation of the fade to black engine. epson printer driver (wf-7010, wf-7011, wf-7012, wf-7015, wf-7018, wf-7520, wf-7521, wf-7525) port of openitg simply love theme to stepmania 5 captures keyboard/mouse events, sends them to given x display. useful for multiseat. a c library for controlling asynchronous tasks a collection of sparse matrix libraries (compiled with the intel mkl lib) gstreamer fluendo/oneplay mp3 plugin ciliora-prima theme for cinnamon libraries for the portable c compiler. a simple argument parser for python samorost 2 is an award-winning point-and-click adventure/puzzle flash game by amanita design an open source, high performance real-time graphics toolkit ldap schema for fusiondirectory puppet plugin bernhard scholz' pbqp solver tool an implementation of the redo build system in portable c with zero dependencies. lag is a software for visualisation, analysis and processing of lidar data. a carddav web client firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - breton this package provides the cec utility programs. digispark power control daemon for phonepi project automated explorer for wikipedia. a fast and complete implementation of markdown in python 3 go front-end for gcc for multilib with x32 abi support data package for 0ad built from source code. warning: the 0ad git repo is approximately 3 gb in size! a library of document-centric objects and utilities built on top of glib and gtk python interface to libmad radit es un proyecto de software libre para la automatización de emisoras de radio. a cross-platform command-line or terminal based module file player. offline wikipedia viewer runescape game client (nxt) moksha detour from git sources dwim loading of moose objects from yaml mkinitcpio hook that decrypts a tpm-sealed luks keyfile an extremely intuitive and powerful cross-platform software to modify and create voxel objects which was designed from the ground up in close collaboration with artists. library for reading and writing metadata in media files for mono - source from git for working opus files a collection of jupyter nbextensions czech language pack for pale moon browser pyqt4/pyqt5 compatibility layer language-independent machine translation engine and tools to manage language data. 64-bit optimized firefox fork, no data collection, allows unsigned extensions a report generator for phpreport utilities for automated crash sample processing/analysis, easy afl-fuzz job management and corpus optimization read data from files readable by gnumeric python m3u8 parser realtime mvc framework for node.js. fcitx cangjie5 code table for colemak layout. an amstrad cpc emulator using sdl with a gtk interface x11 extention protocol headers for the vnc extension fryktelig fin faktura is an accountancy/billing program for norwegian businesses. bills are created as pdf or f60 forms. implementation of rfc 7541 hpack: header compression for http/2 simple plain-text presentation tool a command-line tool to automate chess engine tournaments a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files (powerpc-wrs-vxworks) scaleio mdm grpc - an rpc library and framework, using boringssl a program for generating random sentences according to a grammar definition a gui front-end to gnuplot, which uses qt library use perl 5 code in a perl 6 program a library for common timetracking functionality. generates status bar to use with dzen2 or wmii intl module for php crysp multidevice study basic statistics modules for perl6 ros - this library provides a standardized interface for processing data as a sequence of filters. keeps hard links in sync. library of exchange-correlation functionals for density-functional theory aggregate *.t tests to make them run faster. shisen-sho game multiplatform makefile generator in perl a modified version of python-gnupg, including security patches, extensive documentation, and extra features. the gnupg module allows python programs to make use of the functionality provided by the gnu privacy guard. perl xmlrpc::lite cpan module enhanced port of ken's labyrinth with hi-res texture support adwaita slim gtk theme a unix command for viewing images mongodb administration client ppapi-host npapi-plugin adapter. play! is an experimental playstation 2 emulator. a library for rendering svg documents the doom shareware iwad (game data) executable comments bindings for the musicbrainz ngs web service (ws/2) comedi is the kernel-level driver code. comedilib is the user-level api library code. a binural brainwave generator qemu glusterfs block module. git version. internationalization library for minetest. ros - interface for enforcing joint limits. a statistics generator for git repositories. the infobar-ng plugin for the deadbeef audio player. the gtk2 version. a transport neutral client implementation of the stomp protocol. gnunited nations, build system for www.gnu.org translations a qt library for creating printable reports qore is a high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming language trained language data for tesseract ocr engine entis cursor theme a decorative medieval style ttf font by pia frauss rip snes brr sound samples xine-lib, version, created only for the enigma2 project. adminer skins additional asciiart fonts for toilet (adapted from figlet-fonts) asciidoc syntax highlighting for gtksourceview library for manipulating sets and relations of integer points bounded by linear constraints (development version) a web based interface used to manage mailboxes, virtual domains and aliases created for zarafa-server with db-plugin and postfix plugin for vapoursynth: averagehist cross-platform open source redis db management tool automatically sets the homepage url filesystem (fuse) implemented on mosso's cloud files moves window to next monitor / screen a free c class library of cryptographic schemes sound cue playback software designed for live musical shows and theatre plays c language family frontend for llvm ros - contains scripts used by the rosboost-cfg tool for determining cflags/lflags/etc. scikit-rf (aka skrf) is a python package for rf/microwave engineering a scheme kernel for jupyter that can use python libraries (git version) an extensible music server written in python catan online world linux client a sci-fi roguelike, based on zapm. a gnome shell extension to synchronize your user icon with gravatar. a wrapper around the jenkins api kde media player nersc shifter: linux containers for hpc most comprehensive openssl module in the lua universe for lua 5.2 stores and restores a set of jack connections cave survey software a simple yet functional desktop recorder for linux systems. a data munging language. lgpl qt bindings for python (common files) a simple fullscreen word processor plymouth plugin for openrc django/javascript websocket connections a map editor for the classic doom games meta package for all fonts in the official repositories. ros - ompl is a free sampling-based motion planning library. play is a minimalistic sans serif typeface designed by jonas hecksher a bittorrent client powered by c, qt5 and the good libtorrent library (development version) plugin for vapoursynth: fmtconv perl interface to the javascript engine an application for keeping track of the hardware and software a hybrid web framework able to act both as a full stack framework or as a microframework freetype tools and demos 'open' digital satellite receiver and timer controlled video disk recorder classes for a webkit2 based implementation and a new qml api (mingw-w64) the linux-selinux kernel and modules medium interaction ssh honeypot designed to log brute force attacks and, most importantly, the entire shell interaction performed by the attacker a collection of very basic statistics modules an improved dynamic tiling window manager (with titlebar icon patch) ip conflict notification for gnome desktops inotify file watcher for syncthing programming language designed for analysis and transformation of computer languages optimized c library for ec operations on curve secp256k1 a portable command-line neogeo emulator aria2 download utility with little patch to maximize aria2 download speed tool for managing remote repositories from your git cli! frame configuration management for gnu emacs modelled after gnu screen an enterprise-scale, distributed real-time messaging and notification system lightweight exporting of functions and variables mark overload code symbols as methods ultradefrag 5.0 console for gnu/linux to defragment a ntfs filesystem rodovid is a drag-n-drop genealogic program for linux lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server, mainline release epson printer driver (artisan 710, 810 / stylus photo px710w, px810fw, tx710w, tx810fw) ansi c library that does allow communication with google calendar and contacts event driven concurrent framework using asyncio the pantheon calculator runs a terminal based editor inside your repl session vala completion library gvt is a simple vendoring tool made for go native vendoring good looking japanese truetype font by mixing m and ipa. dxt compression library - svn build dvb frontend status monitor plugin create multiple panes with ultimate terminal divider. slicer for the flashforge 3d printers. ros - a websocket interface to rosbridge. a simple stack-based scripting language. kaitai struct compiler: compiler for the kaitai declarative binary format parsing language flexible isometric free engine is a cross platform game creation framework python client library for ironic motion init scripts for openrc emf and xsd frameworks for the eclipse platform a terminal interface for taskwarrior with vim key bindings and colorization support. git version. a wrapper for most common occurrences in dmenu a very powerful batch file renamer for kde. (git version) cpan/coro - the only real threads in perl web-based terminal emulator and ssh client sailfishos sdk is a collection of tools for developing sailfishos applications. early access sdk. steelseries sensei raw configuration tool mqtt and mqtt-sn broker a gnu tool for automatically creating makefiles dire wolf is a software modem/tnc and aprs encoder/decoder ros - cmake lint commands for ros packages. nexpy: a python gui to analyze nexus data extract tool and lib for open half-life and other games package formats cartao de cidadaozadas a music player app written in c/qt5 carnegie mellon university's open source acoustic model trainer. mysql client tools ros - some basic robot controllers for use with robot_controllers_interface. keeps per window keyboard layout under x11 usb multiplex daemon provides access to alsa infrastructure neo alien dark cursor theme python interface for iraf look up perl documentation in pod format. extract urls from plain text x11 composite extension wire protocol - git version speedy, massively parallel and modular login brute-forcer for network knockstrap is a theme for sabnzbd, the popular automated usenet download tool. it brings a larger, more modern, brighter and cleaner look to one of your favorite tools. a high performance linux network sniffer for packet inspection. pspell module for php a c mock_object library based on boost with a focus on usability, simplicity and flexibility. the slightly more awesome standard unix password manager for teams. ros - a set of message filters which take in messages and may output those messages at a later time, based on the conditions that filter needs met. a covergrid for the music player daemon. an action role-playing game set in a lush imaginative world (gog version) a python library for accessing the entire twitter api wordnik api for python an opensource 'ambilight' implementation next-generation distributed irc client - client only (minimal dependencies) sega dreamcast core talk to jack mini mixer (jackminimix) using osc latvian hunspell dictionary ros - generic framework for robot controls. a much faster replacement for i3-dmenu-desktop. its purpose is to find .desktop files and offer you a menu to start an application using dmenu. use titania to create standard complient x3d/vrml worlds for publishing on the world wide web and for creating stand alone applications a dlna/upnp-av media server (aka readydlna) with patch to create video thumbnails client for gibson - a high efficiency, tree based memory cache server. open source touhou clone (development version) the diff match and patch libraries offer robust algorithms to perform the operations required for synchronizing plain text a color emoji font using twitter emoji for everyone svg graphics docker compose compatible client to deploy to rancher an almost exact clone of ncmpc with some new features. a satirical console-based political role-playing/strategy game a script to show pacman full system upgrade in svg picture oslandia's 3d visualisation stack with qgis plugin an extension for nautilus to manipulate image files. fetches your hotmail live mail a simple and cross-platform glsl editor glsl source level debugger. this is the open source public release of the project originally known as glsldevil. rosdep package manager abstrction tool for ros the pantheon text editor deadbeef player gnome (via dbus) multimedia keys plugin ultra flat icons - green edition a c api for d-bus with fixes from google small tool for listing git status on many repos the tux racing game - original version a static code analysis tool for coldfusion - git branch chicken scheme egg: a simple, imperative-style command-line parser. batch rename mp3 files by reading id3 tags a utility for displaying avi, mpeg (1 and 2), ogm, mkv, and ifo (dvd) information claude's tab window manager displays the latest updated packages from arch linux user repository homematic bidcos module for homegear japanese language pack for seamonkey dogecoin is a peer-to-peer network based digital currency - daemon a utility for parallelizing execution in bash or zsh bitcoin consensus library a stylish to-do list with built-in productivity timer. urban terror is a team-based tactical shooter based on the quake 3 engine (quake3 mod version) gstreamer python 2 overrides for the gobject-introspection-based pygst bindings (git version) component development kit for freac. the ultimate statusline/prompt utility. a fork containing more features for the i3 window manager. remote desktop client for the gnome desktop with rdp/vnc/ssh capabilities, written in c sharp google-powered speech recognition for python this module implements the hmac key derivation function, defined at http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-krawczyk-hkdf-01 interactive bash-script to control your philips hue lights. zork i adventure game (for infocom's z-code interpreter) python library (and cmd util) to download subtitles from various subtitle sites graphical point-and-click adventure game (aka "flight of the amazon queen") - german language gedit 3 plugin to enable the theme's dark variant qt4 local area network (wlan) chat with or without server ambient noise community library. sounds and icons from the users franz was a free messaging app. legacy version hosted at my own server, downloaded when franz upgraded to version 5.0 from the original url https://github.com/meetfranz/franz-app/releases/download/4.0.4/franz-linux-x64-4.0.4.tgz . use at your own risk! znc channel filter module for identified clients snmp module for php python pid - pidfile featuring stale detection and file-locking - python 2.x pkg framework to automate html forms official certified edible dinosaurs ctf toolkit simple ctypes bindings for fuse bpf compiler collection - python 3 bindings ipad usb charging control utility a simple non-validating css1 and html parser for c. kde backup easy and fast the hot potatoes suite a window manager for mate (gtk2 version) monoosc is a project in two part, a library write in csharp (c#) to use the opensuse build service (obs) planed to propose at monodevelop team and a second part will be a nice gui who use the library. a pinball video game developed as a sequel of pinball fantasies and pinball dreams in 1995. an enhanced engine to play with descent2 data. a large unicode font specifically designed for the needs of classicists, biblical scholars, medievalists, and linguists. pacman helper for octopi notifier high performance message passing library (mpi) a filtering tool for a linux-based bridging firewall theme that maximizes visibility in dark and unfavourable conditions a dedicated spooler for snort's unified2 binary output format. python replacement for java.util.properties. ros - mobile robot simulator http://rtv.github.com/stage. ros - tf2 is the second generation of the transform library, which lets the user keep track of multiple coordinate frames over time. a software that would act like a multitude of real physical devices from snmp manager's point of view church presentation software. python game library librepcb is a free eda software to develop printed circuit boards. compizconfig backend for kconfig4 run command on linux with resources limited. firefox pkcs#11 module loader port of simple terminal to wayland - ametisf fork go language plugin for kdevelop an open source, high performance real-time graphics toolkit insteon module for homegear gtk3 theme visually close to clearlooks scripts for the mpv media player officially maintained by the mpv authors library and utility to talk to iboot/ibss via usb additional eslint rules for node undertale! the rpg game where you don't have to destroy anyone. parallel and distributed programming for python astroml is a python module for machine learning and data mining built on numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, and matplotlib. this package includes the exmaples shipped with the astroml tpm (trusted platform module) 2.0 tools based on tpm2.0-tss simple tmux statusline generator with support for powerline symbols and airline integration. vdr addon for detecting commercials and setting cutting marks accordingly. command-line ripper for spotify, with a workaround for playlist emptying none russian spellcheck dictionary. based on works of aot.ru group. dictionary «only yo». complete standalone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mp240 series a tool which allows you to compose wallpapers for x. simd-accelerated ripgrep - a search tool that combines the usability of ag with the raw speed of grep a data visualization and processing tool for scanning probe miscroscopy (spm, i.e. afm, stm, mfm, snom/nsom, ...) and profilometry, useful also for general image and 2d data analysis drone cli ros - object_recognition_msgs contains the ros message and the actionlib definition used in object_recognition_core. scientific tools for python compiled with intel mkl number of small applications that can be used for processing rtp data. keypair, address, brain wallet & deterministic wallet creation for bitcoin, litecoin, dogecoin, namecoin and others a set of python modules which makes it easy to write raster processing code in python. built on top of gdal. improved gnome theme from my earlier no-name-jet version theme... psp iso compressor spw - secure password generator ppd file for kyocera ecosys m2035dn android tv x86 system image, api-22 pulse-eight's firmware upgrade program for the pulse-eight usb-cec adapter a minimal notification daemon for gtk2. editorconfig plugin for vim - editorconfig.org a c implementation and type mapping for the eclipse modeling framework (emf) core, the ecore metamodel. iscan plugin for epson perfection v10. the obsolete version of the ruby programming language. consider 2.x instead. download pacman packages nightly for cpcache virtual distributed ethernet for emulators like qemu, patched for dosemu2 perl extension to generate cryptographically-secure random bytes. a secure, non-evaling end user template engine with aesthetic markup. concourse is a pipeline-based ci system written in go. panel for the xfce desktop environment with sane tray spacing. python bindings for glib/gobject/gio/gtk ros - placeholder package enabling generic export of media paths. yadsync (yet another directories sync, pykde/pygtk gui for rsync) is a simple tool to easy synchronize a set of directories. cap'n proto serialization/rpc system an experimental toolkit for writing peg parsers in c the performant, safe and innovative toolkit for oldschool runescape a tool to create ascii arts enables seamless, timely, scalable and dependable data sharing between distributed applications and network connected devices. openid integration for django.contrib.auth. perl bindings for goocanvas tools used to view information about, and to control, media changer devices such as tape and dvd/cd libraries. gstreamer multimedia framework ugly plugins (gst-plugins-ugly) a suite of retopology tools for blender trained language data for tesseract ocr engine tool for man-in-the-middle attacks against ssl/tls encrypted network connections tools to calculate tempo of audio tracks, display graphs and tag files with bpm value a modern concurrent version control system non-linear optimization toolkit. chicken scheme egg: utils for xlib programming khronos group opencl 1.2 installable client driver (icd) loader pdfresurrect is a tool aimed at analyzing pdf documents gtk2::ex::widgetbits -- concatenated list models a fast native implementation of the minilock file format that can read and write encrypted minilock files. the llvm compiler infrastructure (runtime libraries) a fast, efficient, and well tested css minifier for node.js. based on sardi flexible you can use the modularity to combine elements and create a new icon theme. publish to flickr and picasaweb from within the gimp interface an advanced quake 1 game engine (xonotic branch) library to raise asynchronous exceptions in other thread, control the timeout of blocks or callables command line tool for manage and play series and films from any compliant torrent rss feed harmonic inversion algorithm of mandelshtam: decompose signal into sum of decaying sinusoids webserver of kimchi - a cherrypy framework for multi-purpose plug-ins python implementation of cksum algorithm standalone mail/news reader - earlybird channel [ ru ] library to authenticate with oauth for haskell web applications. documentation for the open-source reimplementation of the famous x-com game (git-version) css parser and selection engine a bidirectional wikitext parser and runtime epson printer driver (stylus photo px660) simple and fast 2d library for the nintendo 3ds (using ctrulib) an opensource 'ambilight' implementation (build for raspberry pi) (git-version) patched version of php for homegear epson printer driver (k300 / workforce k301) collection of utilities for dealing with ip addresses small-footprint color management engine secure decred wallet daemon written in go a gobject-based plugins engine a lightweight tool to convert text-based entity-relationship models to images. simplified bash loops (or, xargs -i on steroids) kerio control vpn client for corporate networks. a free (as in freedom) clone of the age of empires ii engine small, simple system for producing line drawings of two- or three-dimensional solid objects and scenes epoxy is a library for handling opengl function pointer management for you a command line utility that caches dependencies installed via npm. a c port of the implementation of limited-memory broyden-fletcher-goldfarb-shanno (l-bfgs) method written by jorge nocedal. config files defining ipv4 public dns for systemd's dns resolver a web client for quassel (requires a running quasselcore) a very simple gimp plugin to upload the current image anonymously to imgur. lgpl qt bindings for python 3 a youtube/youku/sohu/tudou/qq/sina/pptv/xiami/vimeo/ifeng/acfun/bilibili/cntv/... video downloader written in python 3. themes for gnome/gtk from ubuntu satanic edition. qt qpa plugin for android surfaceflinger the gnu compiler collection. stage 1 for toolchain building (powerpc-linux-gnu) cli and curses mixer for pulseaudio next generating wiki software that doesn't suck. message transfer agent loads .tmx tiled maps in your games. a font for highly legible text on computer screens perl module to read all messages from a folder as email::simple objects run android applications on a standard linux desktop a pure python 2 geocoding module made easy. supports arcgis, bing,canadapost,freegeoip geocoder.ca, geonames, google, here, mapquest, maxmind, opencage, openstreetmap, geoottawa, tomtom, yahoo ) ros - visualization_msgs is a set of messages used by higher level packages, such as rviz, that deal in visualization-specific data. systemd units to run cron scripts official implementation of peercoin, the sustainable and secure cryptocurrency alternative to bitcoin - qt wallet. de novo sequence assembler using string graphs adds undo support to gracegtk a unix daemon that executes a script on x input and randr changes. a file comparator/merge tool (lightweight qt version without kde dependencies) a user defined gtk menu for running applications free scalable coding font by damieng merges arbitrarily deep hashes into a single hash a simple weather widget that makes use of beloved yahoo! weather data world of goo level creator and installer a latex document style for prerequisite charts libimobiledevice is a software library that talks the protocols to support iphone and ipod touch devices on linux a tool for noise reduction or resolution quadrupling by adding more photos together a module to read, write and manipulate property lists as defined by apple. pacman hook to cleanup pacman cache, keeps only the latest cache and the currently installed package. no configuration necessary, just install it. jameica plugin for financial accounting according to skr03/04 simple python bindings for d-bus plugin for avxsynth. fft3dfilter (git version) ros - a fake controller manager plugin for moveit. utilities used for building the astropy python library for astronomy comfortable kde internet and am/fm radio application toga ii: fruit chess engine derivative (including opening book and egbb) yet another recursive multi-thread downloader (a wrapper script around aria2, nginx autoindex required) pentaho data integration (etl) a.k.a kettle ros - this empty package allows to export rosbag migration rule files without depending on rosbag. an accuracy-focused game boy color emulator vim syntax highlighting for the vulkan api python interface to libgphoto2 c benchmark authoring library/framework (developmental headers) fifo based tox client i3-dmenu-desktop patched for sway fortune quotes from american dad! wisp (srfi-119) as a language for guile hfs/hfs user space utils tutch is a tool for checking constructive proofs ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. a script that searches *.ics in your mail and puts events to your remind calendar python library for reading and writing bzip2-compressed files computes the local resolution of 3d density maps from structural biology and cryo-em modern graphical system monitor, standalone version plugin based library to create window decorations a tiling window manager based on 9wm unofficial mame/mess version with an advanced video support for use with tvs, arcade monitors, pc monitors and lcd screens. also includes advancemenu frontend. run this software on your computer when you are not motivated to work, and enjoy doing something different modern concurrency tools for ruby. inspired by erlang, clojure, scala, haskell, f#, c#, java, and classic concurrency patterns. data files for photon evaporation boost bindings is a bindings library (not just) for boost.ublas. it offers an easy way of calling blas, lapack, umfpack, mumps and many other mature legacy numerical codes from within c. a experimental command line based spaced repetition software (srs) installs to /opt moksha penguins module built from git sources style for master's thesis at eastern washington university sound effects and music for crack-attack, taken from the fedora's package the task switcher for minimalistic window managers or standalone x11 session modified version of lunifybg to accommodate wallpaperd. pygraphviz is a python interface to the graphviz graph layout and visualization package. send a command output to your buddy android sdk platform, api-14 a utility for browsing pacman databases and the aur a java mindmapping tool utility to grep log between two dates or tail last lines to time ago the best way to play itch.io games. symbolic manipulation system developed at nikhef. glib wrapper for libgit2 - git checkout the opensource modeling environment bitcoin consensus library firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - serbian perl extension for reading and writing dbase iii dbf files (dbf2csv) ros - a ros node that simply forwards odometry information. ansi html adapter: convert ansi escape sequences to html. interface to the efa.vrr.de departure monitor a fast and scalable web platform by extending nginx with lua free and opensource, amateur zelda game with humoristic characters. a library for finding nearest neighbors among points in spaces of arbitrary dimensions bebas neue is a sans serif font family based on the original bebas neue free font by ryoichi tsunekawa. two factor totp provider for owncloud bash container engine for systemd-nspawn usb and midi firmware loaders for m-audio (or midiman) hardware provides free peer-reviewed portable c source libraries. a c/c api to read and write mpq files with support for merged archives, patch mpqs and more. 1969 chevrolet camaro z/28 car model for racer (cg version) by cosmo° rglassd, rcollector for quaggas bgp the notice editor the universal lastpass installer for firefox, chrome, and opera legend of zelda: link to the past soundfont for midi playback the whole-body control framework provides a framework for developing robot behaviors that use operational-space hierarchical task decompositions. collect and display system facts fetch new pacman mirrorlist and rank the best a tool for debugging el torito boot images. the linux-bld kernel and modules with bld patches various signed and unsigned integers for ocaml provides keyboard shortcuts for navigation and control in the spirit of vim list files, recursively a small utility to copy dvd multivnc is a cross-platform multicast-enabled vnc viewer using wxwidgets and libvncclient c library for parsing, writing and creating xml 1.0 and 1.1 files or streams ros - this package holds the diagnostic messages which provide the standardized interface for the diagnostic and runtime monitoring systems in ros. ros - assorted shell commands for using ros with bash. precision lisp editing with evil and lispy qt graphical user interface (gui) for mp3gain, vorbisgain and aacgain (binary package) graphical front-end analysis console for the prelude framework find orphaned files not owned by any arch packages allows building your unity projects for the mac platform command line editor of windows shortcuts (.lnk files) c-style structs for python tool for managing latex projects simple utility to perform host audition and extended whois queries using google and icann godot is an advanced, feature packed, multi-platform 2d and 3d game engine. it provides a huge set of common tools, so you can just focus on making your game without reinventing the wheel. a javascript library for parsing, validating, manipulating, and displaying jalali (persian, khorshidi, shamsi) or gregorian (miladi) dates and times. dwm status bar written in go. fork without mdp support and with pulseaudio support for volume. dvbsnoop is a dvb / mpeg stream analyzer program, which enables you to watch (live) stream information in human readable form a source code analysis framework perl parse::keyword cpan module cli dictionary lookup for 'norsk ordbog med dansk forklaring, by ivar aaasen (1873)' cross-platform qt5/qml-based matrix client xfce session manager (git checkout) a boulder dash clone, intended to be as close to the original as possible. a simple and lightweight cobol ide based on the gnucobol compiler. an ace of spades 0.75 server based on pysnip a comprehensive solution to managing your dotfiles icc profiles from eci (european color initiative) with documentation sends statsd metrics from c iptv stb emulator ros - turtle_actionlib demonstrates how to write an action server and client with the turtlesim. python sdk for paypal restful apis https://developer.paypal.com create react apps with no build configuration refinement checker for csp pipfile and its sister pipfile.lock are a replacement for the existing standard pip's requirements.txt file. iso 8583 is a messaging standard used for payment card originated financial transactions. ldap schema for fusiondirectory sympa plugin collaborative drawing program specially made for use with pen tablets (common files) lisp flavoured erlang alien killing game using weapons and power-ups ros - this unary stack contains the dynamic_reconfigure package which provides a means to change node parameters at any time without having to restart the node. library and command line tools for xz and lzma compressed files - git checkout add jquery mobile to roundcube (used by mobile plugin) kde icon editor self-hosted file/code/media sharing website advanced memory forensics framework a modern quake 1 engine. forked from fitzquake. this version contains vulkan api support. ecommerce shopsoftware psd & psb plugin for qt/c (qt4/qt5) a platform-independent, multi-threading and synchronization library for c symlinks for the clang toolchain for cloudabi. ham radio contest cw keyer hacked white cursor theme. gnu c library (powerpc-linux-gnu) use fake objects (mocks, stubs, etc) to test real ones rockbox utility brutal doom 64 via the gzdoom engine. build environment for the open source handheld console gcw zero allows you to create tcp connections through a socks proxy without any special effort a java source code scanner for detecting possible bugs, dead code, overcomplicated expressions and more an open movie organizer (alpha version) a musical instrument strobe tuner as a stand-alone jack client and lv2 plugin. a calculator for rofi/dmenu(2) libshout library plus some extensions for idjc. rss-plugin for evolution qt 5 for android is a program that converts scientific fits images to the more popular tiff format for illustration purposes. prototype-based object system xml-rpc for c and c a tool for measuring perceived differences between images combined tads 2 & 3 interpreter and compilers for playing and creating interactive fiction games chunky loop analyzer: a polyhedral representation extraction tool for high level programs 20'000 light years into space game ros - mesh conversion utility used to generate .iv files from .stl files. static site generator an object-relational persistence framework for jifty real-time web framework openbox shiki-colors matching themes for the gtk and respective gnome-colors icon theme extracts os browser information from the user agent string. this package contains every gstreamer plugin from fluendo for gstreamer 0.10 blackmagic design decklink sdk an implementation of the logical framework lf an opensource implementation of the openmax integration layer api - videosrc component liblas is a c/c library for reading and writing the very common las lidar format. a minpack-1 least squares fitting library in c python3 framework for writing high-performance assembly kernels (git version) a front-end to ydp collins dictionary python tools to analyze security characteristics of ms office and ole files maven ant tasks displays a picture of the phase of the moon, either currently or at a specified date/time. brother dcp-350c cups driver gtk3 tool to create and edit subtitles. webdav server protocol compliance test suite the open source modelica suite - openmodelica qwt library write your linewise code for handles; this does the rest an object-oriented web-application framework for php projects aims to provide the complete windows experience for easy use on linux and gnome-compatible oses lithuanian dictionary for aspell osvr plugin providing oculus rift dk1 & dk2 orientation tracking via openhmd. a python wrapper around the telegram bot api booktab - libri di testo multimediali sul tuo tablet e sul tuo computer. lpr and cups driver for brother ql-710w label printer fast protocol buffer library for python (protobufs are lightweight messages) linphone / mediastreamer plugin that enables skype's silk audio codec python bindings for fluidsynth profitbricks cross platform command line tool truetype font rendering library (x32 abi) pure perl x.509 parser simple offline address generator for decred a pong-clone made with opengl, highly moddable tensors and dynamic neural networks in python with strong gpu acceleration customize your favorite web sites with user styles. pharo-vm for pharo 4 images. pharo is a clean, innovative, open-source smalltalk-inspired environment desktop clients to interact with ps2link and ps2netfs accel-ppp vlan_mon kernel module sources a python usbtmc driver for controlling instruments over usb. guile bindings to zenity caja integration for insync microsoft windows 8.1 latin and international truetype fonts fast, cross-platform, standalone clojurescript repl vmware open virtualization format tool an api that provides a c object representation of a collada xml instance document. offload anything to ram (tmpfs) for speed and wear reduction. a french precompiler binding for dash's x11 proof of work hashing. a comprehensive software to permit manipulation of hfs volumes front-end (gui) for mednafen emulator percolator and qvality, two post processors for shotgun proteomics data. rustc source steinberg's vst sdk (version 3.6) diff tool for po gettext files nasa high energy astrophysics library decoding library for bmp and ico image file formats ros - a set of message filters which take in messages and may output those messages at a later time, based on the conditions that filter needs met. purple gammu, an sms protocol for libpurple clients (pidgin) http servers made easy, including psgi ryzom game data sync starmade is a voxel-based 3d sandbox space shooter driver for the xbox/ xbox 360/ xbox 360 wireless/ xbox one controllers fuse filesystem that arranges media files in a virtual directory structure that's based on the file tags pidgin plugin to show/hide chat windows on connect. a virtual network service for openstack - cisco plugin a font for space traveler. construct and optionally mail mime messages minimalist web browser the free and open source internet tv platform the gnu debugger for the msp430-elf target. python library for discovering environment information (os, distribution, python version) (python2.x) a filesystem mounter dockapp that uses udisks. disassembler for mos 6502 and compatible cpus mipsel-linux gnu standard c library version 3 android x86 atom system image, api-15 grep rough source code auditing tool. a minimal window manager that organizes windows in a tree data structure, provides a socket to send commands to. a quick file content preview application that supports integration with dolphin portuguese (brazil) hyphenation rules amateur radio logbook server with web interface python bitcoin tools a tiny discrete time frp implementation scrolling, platform-jumping, key-collecting, ancient pyramid exploring game shattered fork of the popular rogue-like game tool to extract, recover and undelete e-mail messages from outlook express .dbx files provides a class to create mime messages. deepin theme for sddm by match-yang presents hashes in sorted order a script and cronjob that downloads, sorts, and installs multiple ad- and malware-blocking hosts files. auto-close and delete matching delimiters in zsh a backup tool for btrfs subvolumes, taking advantage of btrfs specific capabilities to create atomic snapshots and transfer them incrementally to your backup locations. miclib python wrapper of intel® manycore platform software stack kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-surfacepro3 kernel (git version) fuse nullfs drivers tools for converting bibles from usfm to osis xml (crosswire development fork) ros - tf2_msgs. light blog or cms with xml, no database opencbm allows access to commodore (c64) storage devices vic 1540, 1541, 1570, 1571, or even 1581 floppy drive embodiment of scarlet devil trial version. sixth game of the touhou project series; data files. zim - zsh improved open-source implementation of boostexter (adaboost based classifier) libraries for use with postgresql main memory relational database management system use brute force algorithm to find the correct password for rar, 7z, zip archives. a complete, object-oriented language binding of opencl to python shared memory with n-fold bufferings zero-copy data streaming tool to convert x test suite results into png images cross-platform gui library - gtk port android sdk sources, latest api integrated suite of configuration tools for nxp's microcontrollers. from rpm package distributed by nxp. tm series printer driver for linux java bindings for the berkeley db embedded database system lightweight pdf, xps, and e-book viewer mcrypt module for php a pure python backend for pyvisa ros - convex decomposition tool for robot model. linux application security framework - mandatory access control for programs (metapackage) a parametric 3d cad program the official desktop wallet of the iota project. python wrapper for the github api the amdgpu pro vulkan driver (32bit libraries) outputs images in 256-color capable terminals define simple search patterns in bulk to perform advanced matching on any string. ros - rqt_robot_monitor displays diagnostics_agg topics messages that are published by diagnostic_aggregator. umoci modifies open container images a style to bend qt applications to look like they belong into gnome shell (qt5) firestorm is a feature-packed third-party viewer for second life. asyncio-based multidict implementation for python (gns3) x-ray detector software for processing single-crystal monochromatic diffraction data recorded by the rotation method. a looper, drum machine, sequencer, live sampler and plugin host python library for interacting with taskwarrior databases. the pasm assembler and prussdrv library for the bbb (beaglebone black) pru. show apache-style directory listings in your mojolicious app clerk - mpd client for rofi a tool to facilitate the creation of linux containers for developing debian systems a website access log visualisation tool gui for easily writing letters with latex a library to access files stored at jottacloud.com netcat as a library: convienent socket interfaces the aerospike php client as a c-extension for php7 off-the-record messaging protocol implementation for python a manga inspired, massively multiplayer online role-playing game (mmorpg) for adobe air (beta version). generate pkgbuild for golang programs markdown to pdf converter corefreq, a processor monitoring software with a kernel module inside. python wrapper around the trello api desktop application for accessing the kopano groupware server. a powerful cd/dvd image file processing tool nss plugin providing host name resolution for the locally configured system hostname a graphical frontend for the git directory tracker - git checkout persondb-models - person schema 'n' models for easy (re)use alternative laz implementation for c and javascript colorful tab completion for python prompt manages headless interactive brokers ib gateway instances channel scanner for vdr kabyle language pack for firefox beta systray wrapper for blueshift brings clouds to you ros - core libraries used by moveit!. an open source reference implementation of the icalendar data type and serialization format solaris porting layer kernel modules. command line utility that composes regular expression matches. a simple php build tool. an apache websocket module cap'n proto serialization/rpc system (git version) the gnu compiler collection - c and c frontends for multilib backgroundzoom & appearanceeditor, plugins for customizing terminator terminal emulator pantheon extension for the gsignond daemon tiny automated power settings komodo manchester debugger wikipedia dump downloader pure python library for managing bridges an extension of the standard colorsys module with support for cmyk, terminal colors, ansi and more. python client library for cinder messaging in the emacs world datetime related constraints and coercions for a python usbtmc driver for controlling instruments over usb. a python interface for c-ares a simple date calculator. exif and iptc metadata manipulation library and tools (mingw-w64) a remake of the ubuntu-logo plymouth theme, based on the debian-logo theme, but featuring the arch linux logo. bootp and dhcp client a toolkit for numerical analysis determine if a given path resembles a development source tree a monospacedfont created by ascender corporation with dotted and slashed zeros. a versatile package to perform molecular dynamics, i.e. simulate the newtonian equations of motion for systems with hundreds to millions of particles. swf (flash) actionscript bytecode assembler and disassembler kilobot simulator in c the linux-bfq-mq kernel and modules with the bfq-mq scheduler gnu social api for python 3 amdgpu-pro driver in dkms format. particles simulation toolbox for python, with some force model and integrations methods a real-time pitch-tracking library based on wavelets. with scratch, you can program your own interactive stories, games, and animations a virtual midi keyboard for x front-end flv extract and mp4/mkv remuxing gui software. parton showering, hadronization and detector simulation. gui disk usage utility (successor to kdirstat) the perl data language, a perl extension designed for scientific and bulk numeric data processing and display qt port of libfm, a library providing components to build desktop file managers stormdrops cursor theme toolbox for testing if a probability distribution fits a power law cross-platform desktop application that allows users to trade national currency (dollars, euros, etc) for bitcoin without relying on centralized exchanges skype for linux webrtc beta, the older 5.x.x series - for users who experience problems with the new 8.x.x series a nala implementation written in vala. python wrapper for the liblo osc library wireframesketcher, wireframing tool for professionals (trial) a torrent-aware package downloader. an open-source, high-performance c math library for dense and sparse arithmetic. a powerful gui for git simplified data deserialization simple scripts for automatically starting commands as either sched_batch, sched_iso or sched_idleprio. yet another virtual keyboard for gnome. http://blog.du-a.org/?cat=9 next generation of the python high-level scripting language (native msvc version) (mingw-w64) kparts quickforecast : qt-labs/weather application pandoc filter for plantuml code blocks highly customizable native true color skin for the video disc recorder cli tool to scan block devices for unreadable sectors a minimal library for dynamically-loaded or statically-linked functionality modules. a library to read/write data to bitcoin transactions as nulldata outputs library and command line tools for xz and lzma compressed files (mingw-w64) a nice archlinux wallpaper lexical analyzer for perl5 port of tisean 3.0.1 python3 lib to extract data from json and convert to csv an open-source engine reimplementation for the role-playing game morrowind. mozilla network security services automatic management for removeable devices in thunar ( homotopy continuation solver for systems of polynomial equations jinja2 engine for tornado web framework g.729 and g.723.1 codecs for asterisk open source pbx itunes-compatible media server, originally intended as a rewrite of firefly media server (mt-daapd). allows remote programming vdr using vdr-manager running on android devices file::find for perl 6 language-neutral metadata for your code entities tool to transfer data between 2 systems as fast as possible over multiple tcp paths copy to other places plugin for dist::zilla redo implementation in python. a gauntlet-style arcade game for x11 with multiplayer mode painting software replacement for ls, cp, mkdir, diff and rsync commands for filesystems and object storage a python-ish, bashwards-compatible shell minecraft nbt editor for editing player and world files. this is a system monitoring dockapp, visually based on the gnome 'bubblemon' applet utility to play movies on your desktop or electricsheep library to handle build systems and import mechanisms package manager for scripts for the aegisub subtitle editor twister html user interface graphical wine frontend the itsy package management system utils a linter for terraform code open cubic player a command-line last.fm scrobbler and a now-playing status updater. ros - paired pubsubs generators for non-blocking services. xo caliburn font created considering trends of modern typography from «новые облачные технологии» captive portal assistant specification and libraries for writing plugins to configure network interfaces in linux containers a code-completion engine for vim emacs mode for viewing/editing rtf files kernel module driver for comtrol rocketport pci plus universal upci cpci rocketmodem serial rs-232 422 port php extension for interfacing with apache zookeeper wxwidgets common (gnome/gstreamer free!) (32 bits) altgraph is a fork of graphlib: a graph (network) package for constructing graphs very hard and dynamic asteroids shooting game a userspace library to do journaled, transaction-oriented i/o. a little krunner plugin (plasma 5) to retrieve unicode symbols, or any other string, based on a corresponding keyword ros - extends c type traits and implements a few more to boot. let’s encrypt certbot systemd files for running as certbot user rather than root, with either standalone or webroot mode. ethereum python client trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a tool to (de)code modem audio bgp filtering automation for cisco and juniper routers ros - rqt_gui provides the main to start an instance of the ros integrated graphical user interface provided by qt_gui. a library for transparently accessing objects in a remote python interpreter a very simple convenience library for handling properties and signals in c11 f-irc is an irc terminal client converts plaintext into 133773}{7 ros - opencv_apps provides various nodes that run internally opencvs functionalities and publish the result as ros topics. merry christmas - fonts by måns grebäck. personal use only. (use the characters *# and the numbers to make stars, flakes and christmas symbols; example: *merry0christmas) - flakes and stars open source decoder for .otrkey files (onlinetvrecorder.com) [otrdecoder] the yas persian font (with hollow zero) ros - this package contains a set of messages that are used by the introspection interfaces for smach. a smart download manager for python the missing tool for parsing structured text, like logs central regulatory domain agent for wireless networks kcrash italian dictionary for wps office a layer four traceroute implementing numerous other features x.org trident video driver viper window manager an open source python rest api framework designed for human beings. tree outliner and pim which stores any kind of information within a tree structure; unstable development snapshot nintendo ds emulator open source fdtd solver with graphics card computing support. bbc iplayer integration for nuvola player. pretty-print media file duration indices modern opengl binding for python. information about the distributions' releases (data files) better multiprocessing and multithreading in python both an open source voxel game engine and a role playing game. simple and fast text drawing library for the nintendo 3ds (using sf2dlib and ctrulib) additional background graphics for roms in the raine emulator capture and share terminal commands with monitor. l2ork (linux laptop orchestra) version of puredata multilingual input method library a gtk theme created to match with the new plasma 5 breeze (git version). command-line tool to typeset gregorian chant kolab python utilities enhanced yasdp(yet another shutdown plasmoid) gkrellm bluez is a plugin that displays a graph of rx/tx bytes of bluetooth adaptors. it uses the same layout as a net monitor. deviceatlas enterprise c api a shogi program ported from stockfish, the compact version. implements the radix tree data structure adminer skins command-line app to create and edit releases on github (and upload artifacts) — built from pre-compiled binary. a free, web-based media streamer and jukebox. fast, compact, powerful binary deserialization generate mode timings using the cvt v1.2 or cvt v1.1 timing standards kernel modules for lttng mopidy extension for providing the browse feature of spotify for artists and albums open source implementation of nvidia's gamestream, as used by the nvidia shield sync files, directories or the entire file-system with durability in mind bible study tool. real-time graphics mixing for video performance a full-screen tabbed program launcher for kiosk systems. frontend for the jsword-engine, a sword-like bible study software written in java. illustrate the effects of special relativity on the appearance of moving objects. a gnu social-compatible microblogging server a c library implementing linq operators similar to .net's (mingw-w64) a programming language to create games (fenix successor) - modules kernel driver for the piuio arcade input device radix bit tries for implementing associative arrays and sets in c. x.org ati video driver. git version an automatic high-performance theorem prover cogl with support for amdgpu-pro perform parallel computations of optimisation tasks (global and local) via the asynchronous generalized island model (version 2) a fully compatible autoconf replacement a system designed to make installation and updates of packages easier arch linux livecd/liveusb generation scripts task execution tool & library a simple command that outputs a sampled sine wave to stdout. can be used to play music. complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mx450 series a complete, object-oriented language binding of opencl to python is a virtual printer for viewing a document before printing it out using the physical printer node-based software application for generative design. ultra lightweight web browser in the spirit of surf using qtwebengine with front-end logic written in javascript. a messaging system provides seamless communication between many kinds of unix programs a 3d grid-based dungeon crawler inspired by classic 1980s and 1990s action role-playing games dungeon master, eye of the beholder and ultima underworld. the first czech cd-rom-based 2d point-and-click adventure game - polish version alegreya fonts a free .net build tool, like make but without make's problems a tool to generator rosinstall files cleans up pacman packages from cache. users selects how many old versions to keep. an ide primarily designed for c# and other .net languages - beta channel. warning: this package requires over 500 mb worth of data to be downloaded. newrelic php monitoring agent a non-interactive ftp client for updating web pages short and sweet lisp editing glassfish 4 is a java ee 7 open source application server simplekml is a python package which enables you to generate kml with as little effort as possible. effortless wmii-style dynamic tagging for the awesome window manager version 3.4 a nautilus thumbnailer for mp3 and ogg files small gtk app for keeping track of your time plugins for additional image formats: tiff, mng, tga, wbmp (mingw-w64) networked file storage and retrieval with optional password protection and compression using redis iscan plugin for epson v500 photo, also called gt-x770 sleep dummy shell - a simple do-nothing, sleep-forever program that can be used as a login shell directory-based environments for fish shell a wireshark dissector for the ble protocol as dumped by nordicrf sniffer a hei ti style (sans-serif) chinese outline font. mouse gestures for firefox, a web extension alternative to firegestures app container server push command include btrfs snapshots in grub boot options a compatibility layer for running windows programs - staging branch: indexed vertex blending - https://bugs.winehq.org/show_bug.cgi?id=39057 development version of blender 2.8 branch unicode-friendly msgpack wrapper lpr and cups driver for brother ql-1050 label printer mikrokopter tools (like kopter-tool) standalone console mpd visualizer reload modules on suspend/hibernate with systemd fluxbox fluxkeys syntax highlighting an xbill modification [battle against the systend virus]. ros - the rosserial_server package provides a c implementation of the rosserial server side, serving as a more performance- and stability-oriented alternative to rosserial_python. proton is a high-performance, lightweight messaging library arm toolchain for gp32, nintendo (3)ds and gba homebrew development a visual programming language moox::handlesvia - nativetrait-like behavior for moo runs in the background and collects metadata for all available epg events open source re-implementation of roller coaster tycoon 2 (requires full copy of the game) a fuse filesystem intended to be used like apache mod_rewrite tool for dvrs and ip cameras based on the dvr-ip protocol perl-ide offers easiest way to do all of the above, saving lot of time and keystrokes. client software for the spoofer internet research project on ip spoofing, bcp38 compliance ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. a software for sharing in lan creates pkzip-compatible .zip files for non-latin filenames, using libnatspec patch from altlinux. madsonic mashup mod is a fork of the subsonic server build with some subsonic data schema modifications! this is the latest stable version.: ros - controller for executing joint-space trajectories on a group of joints. ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. truetype fonts from the google fonts project (git version) php frontend for security.sensiolabs.org library for acessing fat filesystems from nintendo gamecube/wii homebrew (development version) adjust the brightness level of your display by using the internal/external webcam of your notebook as an ambient light sensor gentoo's multi-purpose configuration and management tool convert html to pmwiki markup simple and fast hash to xml and xml to hash conversion the grinder beamer theme for the ruhr-university of bochum an implementation of a rexx interpreter, compliant with the ansi standard for rexx (1996) papirus theme for filezilla (git version) shell utility to convert html to pdf using webkit and qt (upstream static build) catboost is an open-source gradient boosting on decision trees library with categorical features support out of the box. simple numa policy support an experimental smb/cifs library written in python provides a python interface to linux's input subsystem asciinema.org web app a pam module that interfaces with a phidget rfid tag scanner, passing ids scanned by the scanner down the pam stack as authentication tokens. cloud based groupware, easy and efficient for your projects business accounting software command line software manager using libzypp non-validating sql parser for python. git version mipsel-linux binary manipulation programs a corba object request broker for c and python. legacy version. a web client for weechat (electron version) cellware is design environment and simulation engine for metabolic pathways screenruler lets you measure objects on your screen using six different metrics. peer-to-peer network based digital currency - qt gui a selective pretty dir printing utility for python game input mulitplexer ros - description of the kobuki model. microqrcode generator draws qr codes into the text terminal xsl module for php ros - launch files for freenect_camera to produce rectified, registered or disparity images. a tool to synchronize settings/configurations across multiple machines pipes an ogg stream to an icecast server intercal to binary (via c) compiler header files and scripts for building modules for linux-bld kernel slicing software by ultimaker. this is the binary appimage version. emacs major mode for the clojure language an enhanced quake 2 client and server (git/source build) a coffeescript converter for jekyll. static git page generator minecraft launcher with ability to manage multiple instances. dungeon is the original zork text adventure. a slender monospace typeface. shape: pragmata pro. reimplementation of the sil graphite text processing engine (mingw-w64) ros - turtlebot_description provides a complete 3d model of the turtlebot for simulation and visualization. file manager with a full-screen user interface canon ij scanner driver (common package) setup awesome as window manager of gnome 3 a desktop entry to run executable jar archives. a tool for displaying sip call message flows from a terminal cython implementation of toolz for python 3. high performance functional utilities. bitstream vera fonts (dummy package). rss/atom parser library android sdk platform, api-13 dark theme for firefox. inspired by the night launch of sts-116. cross assembler for 6800/6801/6803/6502/65c02/z80 cmake from google android sdk software-defined analyzer for apco p25 signals dependency manager for php 5.6 tilburg memory-based learner, implementations of k-nearest neighbour classification a simple library for templating odf documents grep replacement in pure ruby. oslo policy fusqlfs module which implements fuse file system for database management. supports pgsql, mysql and sqlite, can be extended to support other dbs. i3 workspace output for dzen2 drop down terminal extension for the gnome shell a sophisticated object-relational dbms designer, gui builder, and rad tool for wxwidgets a simple wrapper around make to make it's output more readable shell-centric cross-platform open source mongodb management tool gnu database library a command line client for dropbox built using the go sdk iscan plugin for epson perfection photo v330 scanners. a fully transactional graph database implemented in java collections of plug-ins who can recreate (as closely as possible) instagram's effects a library for handling opengl function pointer management for you (mingw-w64) serial terminal for embedded software developers. client-side package and programs for forwarding ads-b data to flightaware ros - a simple node to publish the robots position relative to the map using tfs. ros - c driver library for kobuki: pure c driver library for kobuki. gtk version of traceroute using opengl to show a globe with lines for routes a high-level text user interface toolkit for ruby based on retrofuturistic mcr-like 8x8 fonts used in various games, demos, etc libretro implementation of prosystem. (atari 7800) prob animator and model checker node.js module and command-line tool for exporting svg to png and jpeg. blade syntax highlighting for vim puzzle/platform game in which you try to reach the exit by solving puzzles. showimage is a simple kde based image viewer using the maximum space inside its window without cluttering the window with menubar, toolbar or statusbar. regexp::matchcontext - replace (and improve) variables match, prematch, and postmatch firmware for minilector bit4id smart card reader script swf, includes an actionscript compiler create react apps with no build configuration. ladspa implementation of the dobson-ffitch non-linear filter character string processing facilities friendly english-like interface for your command line filename conflict listing redstore is a lightweight rdf triplestore written in c using the redland library. a simple discord bot which can play music from youtube or local files the world's favorite ide for working with mongodb, formerly known as mongochef. git time metrics replay scan control plugin for deadbeef music player. adaptable type definitions for ocaml userspace software suspend - git checkout dlib is a general purpose cross-platform c library designed using contract programming and modern c techniques. (mingw-w64) pydstool is a sophisticated & integrated simulation and analysis environment for dynamical systems models of physical systems (odes, daes, maps, and hybrid systems). a service supervision scheme. this package is intended to be used alongside systemd. unix utilities to deal with maildir tools to dump and generate boot config table on tegra devices mount an existing remote luks device with nbd over ssh builds and signs os upgrades for texas instruments calculators vdr plugin to handle xbmc clients the world's most popular runescape® bot since 2006 (aka powerbot) core libs for avidemux. (git version) dracut initramfs module to start dropbear sshd during boot to enter luks passphrase remotely system tray application that checks for and notifies about new mail utilities and gtk frontend for osc2midi (git version) emote package for the pidgin im client simple chart library for python (deprecated google chart api) q light controller plus - the open dmx lighting desk software for controlling professional lighting fixtures. legal notes for documentation-, home- and websites. light editor for *.desktop files without gnome-panel or xfce dependencies. mercurial keyring extension lpr and cups driver for brother ql-1060n label printer an extensible package of m4 macros that produce shell scripts to automatically configure software source code packages pam module for authentication using a smartcard extends python-novaclient to use rax-si, the rackspace nova api scheduled images extension free implementation of the card game doppelkopf skeleton project manager a turn-based tactics game which tells the story about the wars on the fictional planet, chromos. carto maps api tiler. it extends windshaft with some extra functionality format-agnostic tabular data library (xls, json, yaml, csv) simple gui to switch window managers in linux with minimal dependencies extends io::path to make it more like p5's path::class a script to start urxvt (rxvt-unicode) in daemon-client mode run commands as super user or another user, alternative to sudo ham radio / morse code - winkeyer cw interface control & logbook gnome shell extension that adds a hibernate/hybrid suspend button in status menu. blender exporter for yafaray free music instrument tuner firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - finnish a library that handles multiple microblogging protocols. a file upload tool for mediawiki using its api.php interface a framebuffer screenshot grabber automatic update of git repositories via a systemd service. acestream launcher allows you to open acestream links with a media player of your choice perl interface to pam library ros - urdf robot description for jackal. this is a faust implementation of a 1969 designed yamaha combo organ, the yc-20. available on the web, as a vst and lv2 plugins and a standalone version. plugin for vapoursynth: bifrost (git version) vpn client for cisco3000 vpn concentrators, fixed for fortigate a tool for managing apache kafka. gnu image manipulation program (32-bit) link-local multicast resolution daemon a file browser for mass renaming. converts an stl file to linuxcnc compatible g-code. a breeze thin dark skin for yakuake (plasma 5) instant terminal sharing http://tmate.io/ is the clone from winhttrack tool. gui is based on qt5 libriaries. midi metronome with kde interface and based on the alsa sequencer gksu authorization library (with libgksu-rgba-fix.diff patch) geda/gaf suite - contains gschem, gnetlist, gsymcheck, gattrib, utilities and documentation from the geda project a more liberal autolink extension for python markdown show awesome wm wibox only on modkey press ubuntu system optimizer fork of dmenu with many useful patches applied and additional options like screen select, dim or opacity change news aggregator for atom/rss/rdf type constraints for uuids rtsp server library based on gstreamer user level public file sharing via webdav for mate. (gtk3 version) find a development path somewhere in an upper hierarchy. a simple, fast, and secure http server extras for magnum graphics engine (git version) bridging module to set up solr to be served by tomcat. utility for opening and editing the netimmerse (nif) file format. an ipv4/ipv6 manipulation library in python. the google code version for python 3.x. screensaver for cinnamon desktop style checker for sphinx (or other) rst documentation a pure python bbcode parser and formatter. a cross-platform midi file player based on libfluidsynth and qt. an object-oriented interface for the comedi drivers tetris(r) clone with 'bastard' block-choosing ai a glib library for controlling any mpris2 compatible player. a quake iii arena mod with numerous improvements marvell storage utility drivers and software for sata controller 88se9230 (e.g., hpe proliant microserver gen10) heavily optimized library for deflate/zlib/gzip compression and decompression mozilla sync server for built-in firefox sync - 1.5 version for firefox 29 ros - basic diagnostic_aggregator tests are in the. epson printer driver (l800) an object-oriented version of the arpack package a minimalist fifo and filesystem-based irc client ros - the move_base package provides an implementation of an action (see the actionlib package) that, given a goal in the world, will attempt to reach it with a mobile base. moksha engage module built from git sources network common data form interface for array-oriented data access and corresponding library (mingw-w64) adds torrents from rss feeds to transmission web frontend. plymouth theme inspired by mac os x boot splash, but with arch linux logo easyrpg's game editor (qt, development version) high level abstract threading library (32-bit) a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the mips architecture a program for handling document references, it can be used as a troff preprocessor. complete lapack and blas implementation using optimised atlas routines (for flexiblas) cli calendar application build around caldav tries to fetch webpages with gzip-compression nvidia cuda deep neural network library (version 6) openzone x11 cursor theme provides an easy way to fill an environment with active c function bindings. library for file management ros package library build an autoconf project out of source language-independent machine translation engine and tools to manage language data. panel for the xfce desktop environment - git checkout rpgmaker 2003 runtime package an enhanced engine to play descent 1 / descent 2 the puzzle library is designed to quickly find visually similar images a console based real time mpeg audio player for layer 1, 2 and 3 (mingw-w64) a kde subtitle editor (git version) banking security tool developed by gas tecnologia opaque, extensible xs pointer backed objects using sv_magic provides support for secure credentials storage xfce panel plugin which allows to put the maximized window title and buttons on the panel. minimalistic cursor theme with a piece of old-school generate rust register maps (structs) from svd files build nice user interfaces in the terminal prawoauth2 is a helper library which makes writing reddit bots/apps using oauth2 super easy and simple. a ldraw-based virtual lego(r) cad for kde 5. traveling typewriter is a font made from an old danish "olympia traveller de luxe" typewriter, made in western germany, including non-english letters that are desirable for norwegian, danish, swedish, and german. moksha winselect module package - built from git sources open-source quantum chemistry this package provides a light-weight, no frills interface to the c dictionary containers map and unordered_map. ligurian language pack for firefox beta binary snippets for fast compilation of go programs your story begins anew in the exotic southern kingdom of amn, amidst the opulence of the sinister capital city of athkatla. constructs/recipes/snippets that would be handy in the python standard library x11 window switcher with fancy look a diary using git as its backend a filter which improves the readability of email messages and usenet posts by hiding some of their annoying parts a tex ide inspired by texshop. a tool for mattermost used to convert translations between gnu gettext .po and json files a recipe manager written in java simple ncurses ui for connman legacy version (3.x) of stremio. watch instantly all the video content you enjoy in one place. firmware for broadcom b43 wireless networking chips - latest release pure perl implementation of the extended tiny encryption algorithm a set of python classes that provide desktop notification upon a user login and when a systemd service fails. the gnustep gui class library, using clang an easy to use graphical tool that helps you to get your data into salesforce objects kde4 control module for ufw (uncomplicated firewall) protobuf grpc compiler for java. an ansi c command line parser - documentation and examples a dock app that makes an animated flame mygui - opengl backend an open-source implementation of the opengl specification. version 17.1.x only for intel a standard for plugins and matching host applications, mainly targeted at audio processing and generation. ros - provides conversions from pcl data types and ros message types. header files and scripts for building modules for xanmod linux kernel ros - the ros frontend to the pano subsystem. zpoc christian file sharing program (like dc) a simple tree object a gui browser for reading hdf5 files (created with versions up to 1.10) intelligent greylisting daemon for postfix and exim c object-relational mapping compiler meta project to build libraries from the brotli source code a pvr application that downloads and manages your tv shows. echel0n fork of sickbeard, with tvrage, torrents and anime support. the firebase command line tools a free gnu/gpl educational digital photogrammetric workstation yet another conky-lua theme, this one includes some kind of an engine search hard drives sector by sector for bitcoin private keys. useful for finding lost bitcoin and recovering erased bitcoin wallets ham radio multi-mode digital communications package. the modern vlc epiphany (npapi) plugin (gtk3 version) this package provides all lpr drivers for models hl-4040cn hl-4040cdn hl-4050cdn hl-4070cdw mfc-9440cn mfc-9450cdn mfc-9840cdw dcp-9040cn dcp-9042cn dcp-9045cdn extra plugins for pluma text editor a c library that parses rdf/xml/n-triples into rdf triples (32 bit) image builder for systemd-machined vnc snapshots ncurses pulseaudio mixer a poe component that provides non-blocking access to a blocking object. a vnc viewer widget for gtk built for gtk2 only dummy package providing glew using libepoxy instead efibootmgr wrapper to view and edit boot entries general tools for astronomical time series in python a fluxbox menu generator si units for postgresql bacula - a network backup tool (director - mariadb support) some commandline tools for dealing with pids, information about processes, and their relations yet another high resolution game with blocks like minecraft! (last succesful development build) uefi firmware (ovmf) with secure boot support - for virtual machines (qemu) - from tianocore edk2 - git version pidgin birthday reminder plugin run programs in linux with selectively restricted permissions modifications to google chromium for removing google integration and enhancing privacy, control, and transparency port of the default kde widget theme (oxygen) to gtk2 digital audio workstation for music production, remixing and live performance command-line program for conversion of markdown to other formats (standalone) an asyncio-based source compiler and test runner. python binding to libpoppler-qt5. library containing computational chemistry facility of ghemical. version with enabled mpqc and mopac7 a game about the morning after a one night stand. a module for cross-platform control of the mouse and keyboard in python that is simple to install and use purple (pidgin / finch) plugin for gnome-keyring integration eclipse based ldap browser and directory client write a checksums file for a directory as on cpan java sql database engine. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-uksm. a cross-platform c# ide by jetbrains. warcraft2 mod that allows you to play warcraft2 with the stratagus engine (git version) python 2 jinja2 library extension for dates and times ros - metapackage of rqt plugins that are particularly used with robots during its operation. a png optimizer using a genetic algorithm to find effective compression parameters the openni framework provides the interface for physical devices and for middleware components japanese text-to-speech system a library for computing the discrete fourier transform (dft), major version 2, with openmpi movim is a decentralized social network, written in php and html5 and based on the xmpp standard protocol. a fast, self-healing and developer/sysadmin-friendly application container server coded in pure c (x32 abi) basic webkit2gtk browser an open-source sip user-agent library minimalistic socks5 proxying library convert from inline c code to xs. a more flexible replacement for libevent's httpd api. [built for seafile] purely functional data structures in scheme. installs the files for use with guile. a virtual network service for openstack - linuxbridge plugin agent tea daemon, alerts you when your tea is ready. cups driver for the dell laser printer 5100cn a program maintenance (make) utility using a c-like grammar provides gpu-accelerated implementations of the lapack and blas libraries for dense linear algebra using cuda. contains routines for systems solvers, singular value decompositions, and eigenproblems. a compatibility layer for running windows programs: indexed vertex blending - https://bugs.winehq.org/show_bug.cgi?id=39057 run headless display inside x virtual framebuffer (xvfb) python natural language processing library (pronounce as: pineapple). contains various modules useful for common, and less common, nlp tasks. includes full folia library. module to manage the battery mode (lifetime/runtime) of your thinkpad python data validation for humans a vectorised math library from cern a general purpose userspace thinkpad library an event notification library amd hetrogeneous system architecture runtime opencl implemention for nvidia iterative solver template library trained language data for tesseract ocr engine the free unix spectrum emulator (sdl ui). userspace tools for bcache until bcache merges with either dm or md none an inkscape extension which lets you add latex equations to your drawings secure pin handling using nss crypto a game engine which provides a program to play doom levels, svn fork of the official next-gen gallery app for owncloud by the same maintainer sane drivers for panasonic multifunction printers a svg viewing library pyncrypt: yet another openssl wrapper for python a community driven material design icon pack library for converting string to 'basa walikan jogja and malang' ace stream hd multimedia player based on vlc a plank dock theme that doesn't look like unity but gives you a similar interface a python wrapper for libmagic multiple dispatch implementation in python a protocol-agnostic libpcap-based tool for measuring tcp response times a fuzzy text selector menu for the terminal python client library for heat ros - stereo and single image rectification and disparity processing. simple notes for linux desktop berylium truetype fonts cast audio/video to your google cast and sonos devices ultrastar deluxe worldparty is a free and open source karaoke game. it allows up to six players to sing along with music using microphones in order to score points, depending on the pitch of the voice and the rhythm of singing. a lightweight c library for commonly needed tasks. optimized for simplicity and speed. python command line interface with gist.github.com the haskell tool stack microsoft translator api wrapper drivers for the kuka youbot robot tools for converting bibles from usfm to osis xml ros - this package contains the python bindings pykdl for the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl), distributed by the orocos project. a set of c classes that provides a common api for realtime midi input/output. chroot, mount --bind, and binfmt_misc without privilege/setup (bin only) nginx config formatter and beautifier. command line client for yandex.disk reference implementation of a wayland compositor with oculus rift support citrix receiver for x86_64 (64bit) linux (icaclient) version 13.4 the ultimate document programming framework a square-ish shaped icon theme from the numix project ros - rosnode is a command-line tool for displaying debug information about ros nodes, including publications, subscriptions and connections. a plugin that allows to use the yubikey hmac-sha1 challenge-response functionality in keepass. la capitaine is an icon pack — designed to integrate with most desktop environments. python image sequence: load video and sequential images watch videos directly into your pidgin conversation perl set::intspan - manages sets of integers, .newsrc style bigdatascript: scripting language for big data cd-xa image insert/extract utility nvidia driver utilities and libraries (vulkan developer beta version) (32-bit) tcp benchmarking tool it's a client software which allows you to effortlessly download and install fms data for your flight simulation addons and tools. a script to help you manage your notes and access them quickly parallel distributed shell a scientifically proven easier-to-use git interface fast and accurate sega genesis/mega drive emulator highly extensible ide ros - packages for interfacing ros with opencv, a library of programming functions for real time computer vision. browser for embedded devices developed using the capabilities of qt and qt webengine fortran to c code translator never see escaped bytes in output. time tracking with screenshots for remote teams notifications plug for switchboard anagram generator database schema migration for sqlalchemy pari package of the galpol database of polynomials defining galois extensions of the rationals ros - this package retrieves data from url-format files such as http://, ftp://, package:// file://, etc., and loads the data into memory. cpan/gtk2::traymanger -- perl bindings for eggtraymanager jump and run game inspired by super mario bros. milestone 1 release. a web server serving blank html pages a platform-indepenedent c opengl helper library. the approximate regex matching library and agrep command line tool (mingw-w64) a window manager based on nextstep interface xtreme download manager is a powerful tool to increase download speed up-to 500%, save videos from video sharing sites and integration with any browser. apache flink is an open source platform for distributed stream and batch data processing an open-source hevc encoder determine type information for columns command line-driven http request builder. latex notation for describing erlang architectures simple sdl joystick test application for the command line. rc file (dotfiles) management a minimalistic text based status bar compiled with alsa this is the base icon set for faba. it is designed with simplicity and compliance to standards in mind. docker gvfs (ftp, ssh, smb, ...) volume plugin mastodon protocol plugin for bitlbee backslash escapes, quoted phrase, word elision, etc. archiving and compressing utility a library that handles multiple microblogging protocols. a vim-based script to use as a pager - git checkout notify about tracks played by mpd tcl/tk gui for spin virtualbox guest userspace utilities perl modules for bioinformatics applications. gimp animation package, gimp's plugin for animation type constraints based on a subset of xml schema datatypes a controller library for tor the wpi first robotics competition c/c library for the arm-frc-linux-gnueabi toolchain the superior lisp interaction mode for emacs plugin for vapoursynth: temporalsoften (git version) lightweight xdg autostarter for fluxbox extract, clean, transform, hyphenate and metadata for isbns an irc log parser ros - qt_gui_py_common provides common functionality for gui plugins written in python. allow better interaction with the volume indicator, via mouse scroll/middle-button. general structure analysis system ii - refinement for powder diffraction patterns a clojure build framework and ad-hoc clojure script evaluator an universal database query tool and administration tool s9fes is a mature, portable, and comprehensible interpreter for r4rs scheme. omniorb is a corba object request broker for c and python. legacy version. dlib is a general purpose cross-platform c library designed using contract programming and modern c techniques. graphical video and audio converter for ffmpeg ruby library for windows remote management qml controls library from fx simple backup/snapshot system inspired by flyback and timevault. qt5 gui version. fallback font for the powerline symbols php oauth consumer/provider extension body fat calculator varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko perl/cpan module net::pcaputils a 2d action platformer / sidescrolling shooter (humble bundle version) embedded ruby syntax highlighting for gtksourceview xerox workcentre 5845/5855 printer driver for cups a backend implementation for xdg-desktop-portal that is using qt/kde. gnome default icons enlightenment module: current weather and forcast gadget ros - assorted filters designed to operate on 2d planar laser scanners, which use the sensor_msgs/laserscan type. chaos threatens to overwhelm the sword coast. a file manager with two panels side by side for now just write.scad, please request additions. marathon infinity scenario data files for aleph one japanese -> english dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org a free, open source, and cross-platform media player [with most librarys excluding cuda and intel for now...] a configurable, general-purpose http/2 web server for any platform (all features enabled) abstraction to system dnssd features open source 3d model viewer summary: tells the hebrew date, torah readings, and generates calendars jedi is an autocompletion tool for python that can be used in ides/editors emercoin is a digital currency and blockchain service platform. replace text in files puppet data warehouse; it manages storage and retrieval of all platform-generated data an electronic lexical database from princeton university recent contact/buddy list for pidgin libmagic binding for lua xp-like theme for cinnamon (cursors) complete x86/x64 jit and remote assembler for c (mingw-w64) python extension module for kerberos 5 ros - contains nodelets for processing depth images such as those produced by openni camera. the mediterranean family of gtk2/3 themes ros - rqt_topic provides a gui plugin for displaying debug information about ros topics including publishers, subscribers, publishing rate, and ros messages. the internationalization tool collection with rfc822 support a full software solution for 3d printing aimed at repraps and the ultimaker. (the old one) framework providing components to allow applications to integrate with a kde workspace clipboard script for urxvt enhanced psx emulator (64-bit) a c11 library for serialization open source decoder for .otrkey files (onlinetvrecorder.com) duckduckgo zero-click api for your command-line create, update or convert docstrings in existing python files, managing several styles. a p2p connection proxy for supreme commander: forged alliance using ice qemu guest agent a set of command-line scripts that automate common tasks in maintaining aur packages on github a framework for writing matcher objects, allowing you to declaratively define "match" rules a file transfer program to keep remote files in sync - git checkout pidgin port of kadu penguins smileys a free guile-based library implementing flexible control files for scientific simulations. platform independent python bindings for the lzma compression library a minimal markdown editor. it is currently under heavy development. ros - map_server provides the map_server ros node, which offers map data as a ros service. a lightweight osc (open sound control) implementation (mingw-w64) low-level access to the x11 library a generator and waf tool to make manual pages from executable python modules. kernel module driver for perle ultraport si express pci-ras modem speed le multi i/o serial parallel rs-232 422 485 port a very advanced and programmable command interpreter (shell) for unix imap auth for radicale enables owners of toshiba laptops to change the lcd brightness, control the internal fan and use the special keys on their keyboard (fn-x combinations, hotkeys). java api for electronic trading platform from discount brokerage firm interactive brokers build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) urwid satext is a curses-based user interface library for sat (salut a toi). qpitch is a program to tune a musical instrument using your computer and its microphone or line-in input. official binary builds of the swift programming language. kernel headers sanitized for use in userspace (powerpc-linux-gnu) simple escaner de puertos escrito en python3 firmware for the broadcom 1570 pcie webcam. modern graphical system monitor, system tray version standalone web browser from mozilla — nightly build (en-gb) ros - image_geometry contains c and python libraries for interpreting images geometrically. a small crossword puzzle library along with a gtk2 interface for playing and editing. international dictionary software - very reduced version with offline dictionaries support only the linux kernel and modules with amdgpu dc patches perl package that supports xml::compile-related regression testing ros - this package provides a c interface for camera calibration information. a backup tool that prioritizes confidentiality, integrity, and availability above all else. simple class for ole document interface a high-level scripting language (native msvc version) (mingw-w64) decentralized software-based file storage platform the pantheon mail client voice recordings for freeswitch a wrapper over ldd, which produces output in graphviz format. simple configuration automation free lossless audio codec (git version) the obfourscator - a pluggable transport proxy written in go a library which provides the basic api for dreamsourcelab hardware a visual instrument and realtime video sampler for gnu/linux (server) an extension to flask for easy genshi templating. pulseaudio mixer providing per-device and per-program volume control lua 5.2 bindings for iup gui toolkit bash argument parsing code generator a port of the mda vst plugins to the lv2 format smart progressbar with multiple backends selected depending on the environment widgets for kconfig flatbuffers compiler and library in c for c transparent tag-based file organization system. python library for music and audio analysis abbyy lingvo dictionaries decompiler, supports the lingvo x5 and x6 formats. xhtml modularization documentation epson printer driver (ep-805a, ep-905a, ep-905f) c implementation of the apache avro data serialization system the x transparent screen lock rewritten in python. send commands or data to other terminals. the linux multimedia studio. a window manager written in d a rogue-like game inspired by brogue an event driven ddp client lightweight display manager (part of lxde) - git checkout modern light theme. it supports gnome, xfce and openbox. binding of the gtk and gdk libraries for the librep lisp environment a tool for observing preparation in java crow is very fast and easy to use c micro web framework (inspired by python flask) publish static sites with this command-line tool & api client for https://static.land serverless encrypted instant messenger with filesharing, chatgroups, e-mail. breeze amber cursor theme. python client library for murano terminal emulator for tiling window managers a simple command-line utility to display received sms messages as json, or delete messages, using libgammu. a collection of systemd services and scripts that allow to set pre-defined real-time related scheduling settings, using tuna. a free, cross-platform reimplementation of the classic bullfrog game 'syndicate' (development version) linux configuration checker for systems to be used for real-time audio yet another ansi color text library for python. library for acessing fat filesystems from nintendo gamecube/wii homebrew trajectory optimization for robotics posix shell script to get user's display environment variables of any tty from anywhere. the mirbsd korn shell - an enhanced version of the public domain ksh (development version) java library to connect to mysql openfabrics alliance fabric service interface communication library a generic library support script (mingw-w64) a virtual network service for openstack - brocade plugin a pythonic wrapper around fftw. kxmlgui chrome os hardware debug & control tools tools for post production with gopro cameras project interaction library for emacs ecap is a software interface that allows a network application to outsource content analysis and adaptation to a loadable module. onscreen keyboard for indic scripts free utility to extract files from rar archives. opengoo is an easy to use open source web office buffer all of stdin until eof, then dump to stdout. an efl minesweeper clone wxwidgets base libraries for no x install (2.8 branch stable version) apache tika python library digital communications, error correcting codes (channel code), source code functions, modulation and galois fields a gateway between the xmpp and the whatsapp im networks - python 2 rate policer as netfilter extension. awesome window manager built with luajit terminal based youtube jukebox with playlist management gnu binary utilities for the lm32-elf target. a python binding to the svmlight support vector machine library by thorsten joachims ros - internal packaging of the 2.2.2 version of the python semantic version module. digger dwarf is a console-based gopher client extracts models of the psf from fits images processed with sextractor locate x proxy services automatically bump package versions a graphical tool to choose the gpu used for 3d rendering with prime. requires dri3. chicken scheme egg: coops-utils peer-to-peer anonymous digital currency (daemon, cli wallet, and wallet api library) a declarative tool for creating integration branches in git a tk extension to scale and rotate photo images a modern rpg in the style of classics like baldur's gate a high-level language for numerical computation and visualization ros - 3d visualization tool for ros. the ion shell. compatible with redox and linux. (git version) qemu guest agent. git version cups driver for the fuji xerox docuprint c525 a and dell 1320c printer a helper library for nintendo gamecube/wii homebrew developers a class based configuration library a tool to create highly compressed djvu files with ocr, metadata, and bookmarks packet-o-matic real time network packet capture forensic tool web interface addons fanboy's adblock filterset for opera including stat/tracking filters automated lossy jpeg optimization an open source version of shell commands usp tukubai. a persian (jalali/farsi) calendar a command line tool suite to capture, dissect, manipulate and send network data. archiver & backup program with builtin compression enhanced programmable ircii client perl script for managing/searching mail on an imap servers from the command line simple image viewer written in qt. supports webm playback. lithuanian language pack for firefox beta a collection of utilities to make/extract a yaffs2/yaffs1 image for linux. none full-screen game browser for fs-uae (development version). an interpreter for another world (out of this world) ofxstatement support for some polish banks and financial institutions fetish-themed programming language lightweight, multi-platform, multi-architecture cpu emulator framework based on qemu a storage class for catalyst authentication using dbix::class dkms-controlled kernel driver for pl-2501 usb easy trasfer cables a python wrapper for the naif c spice toolkit (n66) written using ctypes. authenticate prosody users using a custom binary/script pretty-print latex: a tool to reformat the output of latex and friends into readable messages node-webkit is an app runtime based on chromium and node.js python2 yenc package optimized for use within sabnzbd a gnome application that allows you to post entries to many different blog formats a unicode character browser that sits in the tray. perl extension for generating 24 bit images the perl data language, a perl extension designed for scientific and bulk numeric data processing and display soapysdr lms7002m/limesdr support module advanced internationalization framework (mingw-w64) tulip is an information visualization framework dedicated to the analysis and visualization of relational data. mate unicode charmap tool written in ruby to convert svn repos to git(git version). backlight driver for nvidia graphics adapters a library that helps you create bindings between c and lua53 zelda based slim theme chroot, mount --bind, and binfmt_misc without privilege/setup nchan nginx module vera power manager a web video plugin for ps3 media server grumpy is a python to go source code transcompiler and runtime. a set of opa plug-ins for vim simple gtk3 desktop experience cryptographic protocol verifier in the formal model fast, multi-threaded malloc and nifty performance analysis tools (mingw-w64) pack, ship and run any application as a lightweight container. a high-performance prolog compiler speech recognition research toolkit a real-time strategy/programming game verbose logging level for python's logging module the classic super star trek game a typesetting program for turning a subset of docbook xml into formatted postscript. assemble a stream of technology bullshit from words in a file chromium embedded framework minimal release a port of the serialize and unserialize functions of php to python. omniorb is a corba object request broker for c and python. entourage [hbo] fortune cookie file a collection of scripts that facilitate the creation of fancy plots with matplotlib. library with common functions used by every umview module. the simple tty terminal i/o application generic data retrieval memoizer that uses an sqlite database to cache data. flash programming utility for atmel's sam family of flash-based arm microcontrollers keepass 2.x plugin which shows qr codes for entry fields. hindi (india) language pack for firefox beta gnome http library with gnome integration enabled a dockapp based on wmacpiload vim plugin for motions by camelcase or underscores. multi-base encoding/decoding utility. allow encoding and decoding in base32, base58, base64, base64url, base85 of file and strings an interpreted, prototype-based, scripting language similar to rebol. open source driving simulation made with drift racing in mind pylint odoo plugin switchboard applications plug port of windscribe's vpn command line interface bitbucket server kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-ec2 kernel fabric utilities for git based deployments web file manager which can be used as a middleware or standalone app. a pacman/pacaur tui based on archfi convert flat hash to nested data using tt2's dot convention a tiling window extension for gnome shell npm desktop manager max ii, max v device support for quartus prime lite edition a console based mp3 and ogg player pop-up display for system log messages ros - rviz plugin for imu visualization. header files and scripts for building modules for linux kernel (git version) a free uci chess engine derived from glaurung 2.1 (git version) beamer theme of linköping university bootstrap clojurescript react native apps sox resampler library a utility for sending push notifications to different backends (pushover, pushbullet, xmpp and various desktop notification systems) additional components to increase the functionality of kio install or uninstall usb bootloader firmware for fractal audio systems axe-fx ii audio processor. mathilde is a beautiful, free, handwritten cursive-hybrid opentype font with contextual alternatives epson printer driver (stylus office bx305fw plus / workforce 435) a complete fuse adapter for google drive. a desktop publishing program - indigo fork gesture recognition and instantiation library stream movies and tv shows from torrents implementation checker and policy checker for video and audio files (cli) user-freindly file-encryption tool a python wrapper for the stackoverflow and stackexchange api a command line tool to auto-connect jack ports matching given patterns. an easy to use manager and mounter for encfs stashes the official jdbc driver for mysql a version of the famous minesweeper game which will always produce puzzles that can be solved using logic. terminal/console pager module for python enjoy twitch on your gnu/linux desktop gawk extension - interface to the mpfr library program that can generate invoices and estimates ripple wallet gui for the ledger hardware wallet a small and fast command line utility for all linux and unix operating systems to create bittorrent files easily. oslo wsgi middleware library a small framebuffer image viewer, it does not use external libraries. integrate collabora online into nextcloud python module to validate and convert data structures. a multiplatform password manager z-machine interpreter for interactive fiction games x11 input extension wire protocol - git version tiddlydesktop is a special purpose web browser for working with locally stored tiddlywikis. a figlet-based ascii art generator, useful for comand-line based ascii art generation lead provides hot-corners for your desktop, notably for openbox, awesome, i3 and other window managers. nemo integration for insync api to extract content from html & xml documents folder color switcher for nautilus with gnome icon- numix, vibrancy or humanity skin. modernized, complete, self-contained tex/latex engine, powered by xetex and texlive directfb backend for gtk complete x86/x64 jit and remote assembler for c shows virtual keyboard with a slide from the bottom screen edge. diminished modes are minor modes with no modeline display realtime irq thread system tuning. removes large or troublesome blobs like git-filter-branch does, but faster. and written in scala. ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) updates, maintenance, backup and system checks in a menu driven tui written in bash verilog code coverage analyzer javascriptcore-3.0 for python (for use with webkitgtk-3.0) logs exceptions and other data to rollbar free implementation of heroes of the might and magic ii engine simpler parsing of csv files gtk ui for neovim written in rust a python library for generating rss 2.0 feeds. journey is a router a java library for microsoft documents file-synchronization tool a safe home for all your data. secure, under your control and developed in an open, transparent and trustworthy way (version 10.x for migrating from owncloud 9.x) trizen's aur package manager: a lightweight wrapper for aur (-git version). general-purpose build system modelled after scons low level virtual machine epson printer driver (px-205, px-605f, px-675f) chat on irc from anywhere, and never miss a message nr-grep ([n]ondeterministic [r]everse [g]rep): a fast and flexible pattern matching tool 'jigsaw puzzle' program. management of debconf profile check internet pages for changes by regular expression a fast paced jump'n'run which will please the hardcore gamer amongst you this small package supports key-value syntax other than the standard latex syntax of <key>=<value> gtk3 customizable file manager with advanced unique features [git] a replacement for %?resource drawing/editing program modeled after paint.net. it's goal is to provide a simplified alternative to gimp for casual users a bunch of lints to catch common mistakes and improve your rust code geoip interface module for apache. the open source modelica suite - a collection of modelica libraries for use with openmodelica. two latex classes for bigger, thesis-like documents systemd service for automatic zfs zpool scrubbing tool to remove duplicates and other lint, being much faster than fdupes is a protocol for securing communications between a client and a dns resolver a file conversion tool for translating dsf and dff dsd audio files into flac pcm audio files. command-line file compressor with a high compression ratio and fast decompression the successor of vold gtk theme with semi-material design influences and authentic flat, based on iris dark theme. support for python scripting in tn5250j a small utility written in ruby which takes scanned page images and converts them into a single pdf file basic set operations a source code analysis framework, patched for pypy-stm ros - a metapackage to aggregate the packages required to use publish / subscribe, services, launch files, and other core ros concepts. denix grub2 theme command line torrent viewer and hash checker lightweight and standalone git repository server a tty recorder and player standalone rtl8188eu driver a small bash program to show the installed package history in arch linux. a routing engine designed for security, scalability, speed and ease of use general tools for octave. optimized blas library based on gotoblas2 (dynamic arch) a graphical interface qr code generator and decoder. vcard library. a versatile opentype font for screen, print and web kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-lqx kernel cross-platform glow protocol library for the antumbra. includes antumbractl. command line tool for checking the ink level of printers plugin-based static website generator inspired by suckless web framework provides a lot of small but useful features for developing a command-line app. font rasterization library with v35 bytecode interpreter only open a web search in your terminal. oss/alsa spu plugin universal analytics python module lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-l2720dw c library for parsing and processing bibtex data files daemon for resolving keyboard lag issues on dell xps 13 laptops run a command that is killed when its parent exits wxlauncher is a cross-platform launcher for the freespace 2 open engine a small yet quite capable shell script for encoding video files to the h.264 video format using ffmpeg and libx264. off-line and private journal and note taking application ros - this package contains standard capability interfaces, which describe common robot capabilities in terms of ros concepts such as topics, services, actions, and parameters. libpcap-based ethernet packet generator extra is a app which allows you to install elementary themes on your computer. cli application for downloading albums from bandcamp ros - ros_tutorials contains packages that demonstrate various features of ros, as well as support packages which help demonstrate those features. ip stack integrity checker a program to interpret computer graphics metafiles. scsi tape encryption manager stop motion animation creation program returns what the character width should be on the terminal tool to probe for hardware, check its operability and upload result to the linux hardware db: http://linux-hardware.org robotics systems types library converts any file into managable go source code - git checkout a multi-os media managment tool a fast, lightweight implementation of the sphere game engine run any kind of code in parallel processes quake 4 demo extend git with vincent driessen's branching model. the avh edition adds more functionality. icemon is an icecream gui monitor. start retroarch via login manager as wayland or x11 session and shutdown the system when retroarch is closed. a simple vaultless password manager in go hierarchical tracing for debugging of lazy evaluation plugin for vapoursynth: readmpls (git version) lru cache in memory common files for 32-bit java runtime environments an in-game procedural terrain and content generation framework charmm36 force field in gromacs format. autonomous (self-hosted) bittorrent dht search engine suite provide pascal interface for standard astronomy libraries 3gpp aac high efficiency advanced audio codec v2 (he-aac) encoder shared library a lightweight vim-like webkit-based browser python bindings for gstreamer 0.10 microsoft azure command-line tools perl package providing a declarative object constructor powerful libraries (kchart, kgantt) for creating business diagrams. (git version) mkvtoolnix latest stable release with unit tests a compact, flexible and standards-abiding irc library for python 3. ros - open source libraries that will enable the kinect to be used with windows, linux, and mac. pt1/2 driver sources for dkms bootstrap theme for mkdocs assem is a classic assembler for mera 400 eclipse memory analyzer tool (mat), a toolkit for analyzing java heap dumps. launcher for star wars galaxies emulator jopenchart is a java toolkit and library for embedding charts into applications ros - cpp_common contains c code for doing things that are not necessarily ros related, but are useful for multiple packages. deployment and management system for openresty luajit 2.1 modules iscan plugin for epson perfection 4490 / gt-x750 gnome bindings for c# ace stream player libraries files python control modules for dvbstreamer (https://aur4.archlinux.org/packages/dvbstreamer/) library to access the personal folder file (pff) and the offline folder file (off) format a deep space first-person shooter game in four spatial dimensions (gpl version) ros - rqt_service_caller provides a gui plugin for calling arbitrary services. utility to create or extract preview images in eps files, fix bounding boxes and convert to bitmaps python wrapper around lua and luajit the network tools to configure hamradio interfaces and some of the hamradio specific network daemons none multi-threaded audio converter of flac to either ogg vorbis or mp3 retaining all tags and metadata. golang meta linter force ssl/tls in your app. a few useful extensions to core ruby classes. ros - ros_control controller manager interface for moveit!. dead simple web crawler for python library for building uefi applications using gnu toolchain cups driver for the xerox phaser 6500 series subtle grey cursors with soft edges a python package that allows for simple access to reddit's api simplifies to build parse types based on the parse module a java bytecode analysis and transformation framework. net::packet - unified framework to send a receive packets enables iconic fonts such as font awesome and elusive icons in pyqt and pyside applications a lightweight, fast, and free web browser package for correctly-rounded arbitrary precision decimal floating point arithmetic (x32 abi) meta package for mate. this installs all mate gtk3 packages - through dependencies the strategy game of greed. an irc bot based on supybot, with sqlite3 support and other features (unstable version) extends the remote control capabilities of vdr a wolframalpha cli container linux config transpiler fim manages the integrity of a complete file tree rpg maker 2000 runtime package (japanese) a polyrhythmic metronome udev rule for the osvr hdk dialer application and call daemon for phonepi project c language family frontend for llvm (32-bit) c/c documentation tool chinese chess game a slim and themeable opengl-based dashboard and emulator launcher provides basic first-pass api testing for large class trees gnu ftpsync synchronizes a local dir with a remote url. offline reader for web content. it's especially intended to make wikipedia available offline. https via http proxy support for lwp generate htmljs with python. ros - this encapsulates the qwt dependency for a specific ros distribution and its qt version. x11 client-side library - git version implementation of the tls/ssl protocols that is designed to be simple, small, fast, and with security as a priority a json pull-parser extension for php based on libvktor convert potentiostat data to a sqlite database microchip libraries for applications (legacy) a common lisp implementation. define simple search patterns in bulk to perform advanced matching on any string. verifies the integrity of png, jng and mng files by checking the crcs and decompressing the image data upload data to sprunge.us via stdin the extensible, customizable, self-documenting real-time display editor open source sip stack and media stack the long lost emacs string manipulation library. simple x programming api in c, designed for students, suitable for beginners the unified tool for managing your platform.sh services from the command line. hp system management homepage templates find as many words as possible in a grid of letters. a simple client for interacting with restful http/https resources a desktop tool to decrypt data encrypted by cloud sync a tool for real-time spatial audio reproduction providing a variety of rendering algorithms, e.g. wave field synthesis, higher-order ambisonics and binaural techniques. a fuse-based filesystem sandbox. moksha deskshow module - built from git sources symbol fonts required by wps-office. multi-purpose cnc toolpath library simply counts source lines of code a cad package used for analysing and desiging electrical transmission lines of arbitrary cross section. also for the design of directonal couplers. a smart-card daemon to enable the use of pkcs11 tokens with gnupg. a simple version of the classic game boggle. a dark blue theme for openbox a cyber-physical programming environment for live coding minimalism and realism mix and match, meego and ios icon style bash-completion for xmms2 a tool to display the screen of a connected casio fx-9860g-family calculator automatic sql injection and database takeover tool the next generation version of the original ntop, a network traffic probe that shows the network usage graphical configuration for idesktop plus icons efl based library that manages scores, trophies and unlockables clanlib gl1 library .so from fedora number sequences baidu pan client for linux desktop users chromium os verified boot utilities a caldav client library 3gpp amr adaptive multi-rate - wideband (amr-wb) speech codec statistical charts about pacman activity desktop app to upgrade your arch linux system intel power gadget linux version convert html to moinmoin markup ntfs-3g filesystem access library (for nintendo gamecube/wii homebrew development) kde systemlog application. (git version) open management infrastructure (omi) is an open source project to further the development of a production quality implementation of the dmtf cim/wbem standards. a gitlab cli for project management jellyx theme for xfce terminal obnam is an easy, secure backup program. patched version of libnotify to replace notifications. useful for hotkey notifications. advanced commands to extend sh/bash shell scripting into a more powerful language ros - tf is a package that lets the user keep track of multiple coordinate frames over time. userspace tools for bcache until bcache merges with either dm or md duplicate finder - a pure shell script to find identical files across your drives tox protocol plugin for pidgin / libpurple vk messenger for linux a particle physics package for data analysis (specifically histogramming) classes -- latest build from hg-repo. restricted plugins (autowep and ptw attack) for kismet a time management utility for gnome based on the pomodoro technique a 100% pure java implementation of git perpetual date converter from gregorian to poee calendar supports whole building energy modeling using energyplus xlib animation and cellular automaton demos: press lshift and lctrl to quit run a program as a unix daemon typeset chemical formulae/equations and risk and safety phrases in latex. quickly mock objects and classes, even temporarily replace them, lightweight profile based screen manager for x tabbed, vte-based terminal emulator (gtk2 version) opencl runtime for intel core and xeon processors accelerates complex c applications on heterogeneous compute systems using open standards animated osx-style mouse cursors sacd decoder is a command line application which takes a super audio cd source and extracts a 24-bit high resolution wave file. it handles both dst and dsd streams. quake ii - mission pack 2 ('ground zero') for yamagi-quake2 (development version) the ultimate statusline/prompt utility similar to xpath, defines a path as an accessor to nodes of an xml::treepp parsed xml document. an xcb based window geometry tool with support for relative/per-monitor positioning and resizing. gps support files for ericsson f3507g that provide an easy interface to gpsd cross platform remote gui for the transmission daemon information and notification of new discovered bluetooth devices breeze obsidian cursor theme. this package contains python 2 code for pre-trained deep neural networks. rbm pre-training is supported and backpropagation. there are a handful of possible unit types. for training, minibatched stochastic gradient descent is implemented. simple and robust virtual network solution extra license mode for emacs platform action game featuring a blob wih lot of weapons - nonfree data files from an older version rapidxml is an attempt to create the fastest xml parser possible, written in modern c. a 2d racing game canon scanner driver (for mg3200 series) arsdk3 c librairies to control parrot devices bonuspack 2: the digital extremes pack for unreal tournament. kanji stroke order font the library portion of the successor to libpebble, a python library for interacting with pebble devices. module-cpanfile - parse cpanfile a nice kdm matrix theme an efficient multimedia viewer, browser and converter (using system libraries). python bindings for the enlightenment foundation libraries line editor, allowing to use shell commands with control characters like in emacs. check rom sets for mame static code analysis tool for improving quality and reducing defects a port of supergenpass.com in plain c editor and language agnostic completion backend convert .pcap file to .har (http archive) a simple command-line utility to list all members of a group. basic file, shell and text manipulation utilities of the gnu operating system iso aac audio decoder a matrix homeserver client api written in rust. the video game rating system functions for plotting area-proportional two- and three-way venn diagrams in matplotlib additional structure manipulations functions. fast symbolic manipulation library, written in c a c bittorrent library that aims to be a good alternative to all the other implementations around (git branch rc_1_1) community maintained variant of linley's dungeon crawl (tiles) - git version video handler script (vhs) aka ffmpeg-tui convert osm data to geojson the hiawatha monitor is a monitoring tool for the hiawatha webserver. it can be used to keep track of the performance and security of all your hiawatha webservers via one single interface. launchy is helper class for launching cross-platform applications in a fire and forget manner. a vsphere cli built on top of govmomi a beautiful persian font based on vazir font. a eucaryotic gene prediction program file::find::rule::vcs - exclude files/directories for version control systems component that allows to quickly write uml diagrams fortune cookies: the dark knight (movie). a text progress bar library for ruby status bar for dwc a kart racing game featuring tux and his friends - development version artificial intelligence toolkit implementing concepts from the cognitive architecture micropsi waveform seekbar plugin for the deadbeef audio player (development version). gtk3 ver a very useful library for nintendo ds homebrew development net::ping::external - cross-platform interface to icmp ping utilities simple-stupid user-space program protecting a linux host from thrashing. a simple tar based incremental daily backup script based on systemd lets your class/object say it works like something else. willem programmer software for gnu/linux metanet's unique 2d puzzle/action platform game a php engine to grab tv/radio listings from websites and produce xmltv output a small program that grabs information from the kernel and some subsystems and displays it on an external liquid crystal display. the new mutt: powerful text-based mail client with all the best feature patches a fake colord to trick cups scan your wifi and get access point information and signal quality apache external authentication modules an eyecandy task managment tool music set for seven kingdoms: ancient adversaries a netbeans based grammar ide community-driven open source gaming client a library manager for anime and series the hp printer drivers, and not much else reading values from 1-wire devices easy and powerful exception tracking with rollbar tools for lightweight pdf and xps viewer lila hd icon theme for gnu-linux and unix-like o.s openfabrics alliance infiniband subnet manager and administrator a project directory generator. a smart download manager for python mac fonts including lucida grande, apple garamond and other fonts from apple a modern and flexible dynamic dns client free library for decoding dts coherent acoustics streams (32 bit) compress files by consolidating duplicate data a vhdl simulator and synthesizer api for controlling virtualization engines (openvz,kvm,qemu,virtualbox,xen,etc) a python connection to ds9 via xpa use howm commands, operators and set configuration values through a unix socket. a lua library to access the underlying directory structure and file attributes a keepass plugin that downloads and stores favicons. pkgbuild source code at https://github.com/gutenye/aur/tree/master/keepass-plugin-favicon chromebook pixel keyboard backlight kernel driver dynamo i/o subsystem benchmark measurement tool for single and clustered systems non-blocking redis client an open source solution for artistic cam systemd-aware pm-powersave replacement a sanserif type­face family encoding detector library ported from mozilla ocaml bindings for ladspa plugins a slower speed of light: a special relativity's effects simulation dmenu with a sense of history (cabal sandbox build) ocaml bindings to lbvorbis find problems in c source that slow development of large code bases. start ssh-agent and load identities on-demand. an actor model, capabilities, high performance programming language (bintray rpm binaries) ported gentoo-runscript for dictd under openrc just a ping thing. xfce window manager w/ better smart placement of new windows compile a xkb keyboard description to a keymap suitable for loadkeys or kbdcontrol fedora 8 infinity background for gnome. changes color based upon the time of day tool to delete nalu fill data from h.264 streams tuladha jejeg ttf font for javanese script tv program schedule viewer and a personal video recorder gui ros - this is a set of tools for recording from and playing back ros message without relying on the ros client library. gnome shell wallpaper changing extension with multiple profile support. pynbody is a light-weight, portable, format-transparent analysis framework for n-body and hydrodynamic astrophysical simulations simple command line tool to view stl files a tray icon for easy launching of the nvidia control panel display server abstraction layer for gamma ramps and c pacman tray notifier. handle versions of loaded modules with flexible result interface calculate resistance value and tolerance of resistors by their color codes. unofficial remake of konami's road fighter for the msx powerful front-end for iptables aimed at system-administrators who need a decent firewall, but dont have netfilter specific knowledge - development release utility for displaying arch news feed in console dingoo a320 native sdk twisted jabber support library - git version a gimp plug-in which helps in stitching together multiple images to make a panorama small-footprint color management engine, version 2 (mingw-w64) the lzfse compression library and command line tool a bitmap-to-eps-or-pdf-converter that produces very small files a simple tarot reading program a gui for john (the ripper, a password audit tool) a helper program that filters information from compile_command.json and invoke oclint for static code analysis adaptec sas 44300, 48300, 58300 sequencer firmware for aic94xx driver yet another ftp client for the console multi-user tmux with whitelist support web frontend to mpd systemd/openrc-compatible logout script for openbox, fluxbox and others. including blurlock and additional new button themes by ugoyak odbc modules for php javascript that turns a layered inkscape svg image into a presentation fast light window manager a library for configuring and customizing font access (x32 abi) pdf reader that displays interactive annotations on scientific articles a pattern-based midi sequencer with strong live performance functions listening to your favorite radio stations in nextcloud command line json tool written in bash a script to generate a video from a lilypond sheet music file a library and an userspace application (rdrand-gen) for easy access to intel's rdrand drng. free implementation of the .net platform including runtime and compiler extra components that are not as closely vetted or as stable as core screen brightness applet for budgie desktop free cross-platform password manager compatible with keepass plugins for magnum graphics engine (git version) cisco::regex is made to lint standard and extended ip access lists on the cisco ios platform a dynamic perl interface to gnuplot systemd unit files for openvas a sophisticated object-relational dbms (mingw-w64) eye of gnome: an image viewing and cataloging program. applied small patch for set screensaver image with wallpaper. binary plugin for hps hplip printer driver library cloudcross is a improved multi-cloud client with onedrive, yandex disk, google drive, dropbox and mail.ru support. a shell script which extract os x application from .dmg file converter from fb2 to epub a workbench to compose and edit sound algorithms and interactions for the axoloti core a high-level text user interface toolkit for ruby, version 1.6.21 railscasts color theme that works in 256color terminals as well as gui quartus ii 9.1 web edition. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine libtool accelerator - replacement for sane systems, frontend for others provides a command to identify which running processes have files that have changed on disk. it also provides a pacman hook and pacman-ps to also show which packages own the files that are still open. faust lv2 plugin examples open virtual machine tools kernel modules (dkms) digital clock for x a graphical user interface tool for configuration of the rxvt-unicode terminal emulator. c port of the java topology suite (mingw-w64) a modular, open source whole-genome assembler simple battery warning tool which changes x gamma on low battery rendering intelligence very easily unit conversion tool and library written in rust nvidia driver library symlinks for 'nvidia-utils-beta' gamine is a game designed for 2 years old children who are not able to use mouse and keyboard. nvidia video codec sdk (nvdecode and nvencode apis) (needs registration at upstream url and manual download) json-rpc transport realisation java-based dogecoin client ocaml record fields as first class values build ubuntu snappy packages. pam (pluggable authentication modules) (x32 abi) a visual programming language. contains an extra assembly of libraries, extensions, and documentation atop regular pure data. incomplete, slow and buggy implementation of r7rs-small scheme a high-level utility package for fmi-based software development python wrapper for selected slicot routines, notably including solvers for riccati, lyapunov and sylvester equations. python modules for dealing with block devices a python widget library and application framework distributed evolutionary algorithms in python essentials offers about 100 commands useful on just about every server, initial kits, mob spawning, economy, warps along the map, houses, etc. free cad software that lets you design and order custom front panels and enclosures exactly to your specification. free software clone of gunpoint a midi sequencer for gnu/linux. server written in java that allows users to share and edit geospatial data a package for easily writing parallel applications for both distributed and shared memory architectures source code analysis tool for clang, supporting c, c, and objective-c a memory monitoring dockapp (for windowmaker, openbox, afterstep etc) x11 xkb extension wire protocol - git version fast-paced retro shoot'em up in an abstract world logger pro for linux public beta from vernier software (drivers) libmagic binding for lua click on a pixel on your screen and print its color value in rgb. written for x11. parsers of different database search engines to percolator input format. japanese light rounded gothic font (handwritten style) the flexible network tester. lpr and cups driver for brother td-2120n label printer bevel icon theme from the numix project a wrapper to allow you to run oculus rift windows games in wine minimalistic daemon for accepting bitcoin payments opengl and vulkan debugging tool a flickr remote organizer for gnome iceberg is an icecream gui monitor adobe reader is a pdf file viewer legacy (4.12.x) xfconf configuration storage system based on dbus-glib epson printer driver (me office 560w / stylus nx420, sx420w, tx420w, sx425w) fork of fltk 1.3.0 with additional functionality. a professional photo browser and editor, like aperture or lightroom a shell plugin manager. epson inkjet printer driver (esc/p-r) for linux dragonfly bsd tool to mirror filesystems retaining permissions, flags, ownership, and utimes simple utility that will automatically generate .h files from .{c,cpp} files perl interface to alec muffett's cracklib. mlocate rewritten using only gnu coreutils, sudo and bash with proper btrfs subvolume handling, semi-arbitrary filtering and other improvements cwiid-git is the bleeding edge version of a wiimote's driver and utility tools speed up gnome-shell animations sococo for linux virtual piano instrument using physical modelling synthesis. both standalone and plugin versions. open source ip-xact-based tool for asic, fpga and embedded systems design python module that generates html from bbcode. osu! pp advanced inspector (oppai) is pp calculator for osu! beatmaps business accounting software (server) cross-platform 3d audio library, software implementation (example programs) international components for unicode library with staticlibs enabled ocaml bindings to libflac btrfs tool that makes it possible to change c flags recursively on existing files twister core - p2p microblogging gnome shell indicator for transmission-daemon svnlook perl bindings cross-platform gl info tool infrastructure for building mobile telephony (gsm/umts) applications. fork for phonepi fast and flexible c library for working with openstreetmap data. archive management plugin for nemo using engrampa a network monitor for all network devices that shows the transmission ratio free upnp/dlna media server xcodebuild formatter done right hides the switch user sub menu from the aggregated menu, removing the logout option. handy for a single-user system polish language pack for firefox beta adapt your computer's appearance and settings according to the environment. optimized blas library based on gotoblas2 1.13 bsd (providing blas, lapack, and cblas for flexiblas) quarter tiling script for kwin (git version) survival analysis in python a c library for interacting with json gcc c compiler for hp 48,49,50 calculators compiler for caml light source code xiaoxima for fcitx. a set of tools to organize and manage your torrents a plain-text based distributed social network build on top of git configuration manager interface to url shortening sites cdpr is used to decode a cisco disovery protocol (cdp) packet minimal identd server with customizable userid bass audio library a virtual network service for openstack - midonet plugin clang-format linter for phabricator (via arcanist) a virtual lighttable and darkroom for photographers import and export tools for elasticsearch < 5 service menu and a small script for calculation of md5, sha1 and sha256 checksums a virtual network service for openstack - cisco plugin agent easy vcs-based management of project version strings a powerful suite of geospatial libraries and applications used to process imagery, maps, terrain, and vector data; built w/o guis horo in your linux modified version of pngnq, neural network colour quantizer for png images scripts to create and execute macros for the macro keys of the razer-blackwidow ultimate 2013 keyboard netcat-clone, portable, offers strong encryption - features aes-128-cbc  hmac-sha1 encryption, program execution (-e), choosing source port, continuous reconnection with delay  more brazilian government certification authorities run applications under pseudo-terminal sessions sgf editor and engine client for the board game hex simple factory objects for sax namespaced names. ros - 3d interactive marker communication library for rviz and similar tools. parses sql queries using a copy of the postgresql server query parser python library for creating unix daemons wxwidgets base libraries for no x install (3.x branch stable version) 3rd party drivers for indi, a distributed control protocol designed to operate astronomical instrumentation a unicode han font in song/ming style with glyphs used in mainland china. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - spanish (argentina) free eda package written in c vim syntax for sxhkd's configuration files flash tool for rockchip a fun rounded display face that’s great for headlines. ruby client for neovim drupal coding standard for php_codesniffer verify archive file integrity flens - flexible library for efficient numerical solutions - new headers only version. a simple and easy to use image viewer. x-apps project (git version). ros - rqt_dep provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros dependency graph. zylin embedded cdt plugin side-scrolling shoot 'em up space game create beautiful panoramas by stitching multiple photos automatically with autopano giga (trial version). crossword generator (python 3 version) command line utility to use google services vndc - vndc is not a direct clone (of vnds ;p) a small framebuffer vnc viewer. base class for injecting distributions into cpan sources the officially maintained version of larn that is developed by gibbon webapp for zarafa plugable irc client library based on asyncio i-score, an interactive sequencer for the intermedia arts gnome thumbnailer to generate thumbnails for directories take photos using your webcam and shiny animated qml interface (kde4 app) a vim plugin for managing your runtimepath portable, standalone (no need for rrds.pm) tool to create and edit rrd files imagej plugin for data extraction from plots only available as images a venezuelan spanish voice for the mbrola synthesizer freetype library (for nintendo 3ds homebrew development) parsing and evaluation tools that provide more details than the default a lightweight decompression library with support for rar, tar and zip archives. simple workspace based timetracking tool postgresql implementation of jwt (json web tokens) functional posterior plotter capture a command's output and exit code application to clean the pacman cache padre::plugin::perltidy - format perl files using perl::tidy firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - guarani plugin for libpurple (pidgin, adium, etc) implementing omemo (using axolotl) diy speaker design software android sdk platform, api-20 decompress amiga dms disk images to adf a sony playstation (psx) emulator based on the pcsx-df project (gtk2 version) a simple, regex-based xdg-open replacement. save and restore named xrandr states. next generation, high-performance debugger send http mp3 streams a multilayer and overlappable gui system for ogre - build against ogre 1.9 mail.ru agent protocol plugin for pidgin (libpurple) package dependencies listing utility programs for micropython graphical difference viewer for the kde platform. (git version) spectrogram plugin for the deadbeef audio player (development version) a user-friendly graphical workbench for the entire data analysis process (with all free extensions) numix-like theme with macbuntu buttons added. world's biggest collection of classic text mode fonts, system fonts and bios fonts from dos-era ibm pcs and compatibles sdr signal analyzer minimalistic tool to configure the routing of a local area network simple command line tool that turns your cli tools into web applications. a fig-to-pstricks converter. extensions to the upstream python subprocess module java uml diagram editor (git version) freenet messaging system grab your nightstick, squeal like a siren, and hit the road with sam & max, freelance police, as they attempt to crack their toughest case. ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. header files and scripts for building modules for linux-netbook kernel final fantasy 7 field editor third party standalone launcher for quake live (next branch) coroutine-based networking library latex beamer classes for stratum 0 corporate design plugin for vapoursynth: finesharp (git version) json-rpc library for glib openfabrics alliance userspace chelsio t3 iwarp rnic driver live video mixer, based around the standard m/e workflow. perl interface to the gnu aspell library bans ips after too many failed authentication attempts (ipv6 supported based on crycode patch) equation number filter for pandoc a tagging system for trac. alter the contents of packets forwarded through network in real time php project build system based on apache ant a top-down shooter where you must escape a robot facility an apache 2.2 module that embeds the python2 interpreter within the server a python library to wrap the subsonic rest api command-line tool to create and validate timestamp proofs with the opentimestamps protocol load average display for jwm image processing routines for scipy a service and timer for the reflector mirrorlist upgrade. work with perl 6 meta files ros - geometry_msgs provides messages for common geometric primitives such as points, vectors, and poses. audio generators and effects using an api designed by jeskola buzz cw trainer for linux/unix - similar to the dos classic rufz epitech intra for linux gnustep's integrated development environment (ide). alsa device capability lister a simple gtk and gstreamer based music player. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j885dw printer a gtk based serial port communication program cargo subcommand that allows you to build android packages. a pushbullet systray notification daemon for linux. also a simple client to receive, mirror, and send pushes. application matching framework mkinitcpio hook to boot from a network block device (nbd) an object-oriented programming language designed for researchers, experimenters, and engineers interested in large-scale numerical and graphic applications. a pure perl implementation of the heap::simple interface psysh is a runtime developer console, interactive debugger and repl for php. a commercial solver for mathematical optimization problems. texmaster is a tetris clone developed by report. a fast and simple mbox folder reader javascript ide for eclipse canon ij scanner driver (mg3500 series) bitcoin client query library fancy indexes module for the nginx web server alternative python bindings for subversion, split out from bzr-svn. firmware, extractor, searcher and installer for blackberry 10 acm sig proceedings format style for latex (acm_proc_article-sp v3.2sp, sig-alternate v2.8, sigplanconf v2.5 and the unofficial sigplan-proc-varsize v1.4) server-level metric gathering agent for influxdb bcrypt() is a sophisticated and secure hash algorithm designed by the openbsd project for hashing passwords. the bcrypt ruby gem provides a simple wrapper for safely handling passwords. open source implementation of the adaptive multi rate (amr) speech codec (mingw-w64) ipknot for predicting rna pseudoknot structures using integer programming firmware and aplications for atmel at76c5xxx wireless networking chips the digger game, cloned and remastered with additional features calibration client for the hughski colorhug device a meta cli toolkit : personal shell command keeper file in core: show which blocks of a file are in core nvidia's opencl implemention for 'lib32-nvidia-utils-full-beta-all' convert diff output to colorized html incremental/non-blocking sax driver for expat standalone netflix browser using qt5-webengine websocket handler for the gevent pywsgi server, a python network library. inputstream client for adaptive streams for kodi 17 hl7 tool for integration the hl7 in a health care environmental adms is a codegenerator for the verilog-a(ms) language policy analysis tools for selinux performance analysis tools based on linux perf_events (aka perf) and ftrace a flash-card tool with a sophisticated card review algorithm fast drop-in replacement for decimal.py efficient arrays of booleans for python firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - catalan libewf is a library to access the expert witness compression format (ewf) a data compression program ros - the dynamicedt3d library implements an inrementally updatable euclidean distance transform (edt) in 3d. ds emulator, sorta. also 1st quality melon. gnu emacs, built from git sources — html and pdf documentation package. warning: the emacs git repo is 1.25 gb in size! runtime for notmuch and notmuch-mutt ay/ym sound chip (from zx-spectrum) emulation library. toolkit for rtmp streams (mingw-w64) free library for manipulating nitroplus game files a helper class for handling configuration defaults of packaged django apps gracefully build a movie from pictures jdeserialize is a library that interprets java serialized objects ros - transmission interface. deprecated: declarative syntax for moose add programmable bash completion to emac's shell-mode an arcade style jump-on-cubes game with penguin and evil window python module to access java class as python class, using jni. a small stack-based audio language. cp and mv with a progressbar standalone port of the avisynth scxvid plugin this plugin enables the extraction of a video title without any encoding. *nixy filter that adds color to its standard input by rows or (space separated) columns pythoncard is a gui construction kit for building cross-platform desktop applications on windows, mac os x, and linux, using the python language. simple media player. x-apps project (git version). an smtp library written in c for qt python tools for working with xbee radios vim script for automatically detecting indent setting system tray designed as a window maker dockapp advanced duke nukem 3d source port - svn version a command-line todo list manager a photo management tool with focus on jpeg pictures. mapivi supports adding, editing and searching of iptc/iim, exif data and jpeg comments. the pictures are managed in place (in your folder structure). mopidy extension that maintains your current tracklist when the server restarts a let's encrypt (acme) client implemented in bash a simple but useful gkrellm plugin displaying lines from a text file a tiny judging environment for oi contest files shared in common with chocolate doom-based games. application automation framework that allows you to build applications that have automation built-in dante's inferno angband. uses a 'realm' based magic system like zangband, but with many new features. a collection of high-performance ray tracing kernels (with build-time isa detection) libretro port of xrick convert html documents to pdf with css set of icons to show the support for the open web python simple soap library lwp::simple clone for rakudo perl 6 a php module that provides the external diff engine for mediawiki a collection of tools for testing the linux kernel and related features check status codes of web servers and sends notification e-mails a map manager kate latex typesetting plugin ivtc assistant for vapoursynth, similar to yatta. (git version) ros - a websocket interface to rosbridge. late 2016 version of mame (0.174) for libretro. compatible with mame 0.174 romsets. (arcade) openwebrtc specific gstreamer plugins a c library for creating png images for extracting and viewing files in .lzip archives tty0tty virtual serial cable (dkms) an advanced and well-established feature-rich text mode web browser. git version. a wrapper generator to generate c mapping java classes onscreen protractor microsoft azure command-line tools acs command module lightweight implementation of c standard library optimus princeps font by manfred klein opengl 1.x driver for opengl es devices firefox configuration to harden privacy. experience the drive of your life as you throw yourself around on and off the track! a lightweight system monitor the best markdown editor so far (markdown extra) and multi-markdown available again from the last binary available on gthub an analysis tool for airfoils, wings and planes operating at low reynolds numbers. assembler for the java virtual machine the video game rating system handle rfkill events in userspace another fuse union filesystem a rougelike mecha role playing game, second game in the gearhead series ros - this package provides a set of simple math utilities to work with angles. packet-o-matic real time network packet capture forensic tool console interface high speed usb logic analyzer. a source code browser plugin for neovim the open-xchange http server and servlet container a simple wrapper around mupdf library to extract text from pdf files. add/edit/remove timers on both, the local (client) vdr and a remote (server) vdr takes source code files and produces syntax-highlighted patterns for cross stitching. a high-level language, primarily intended for numerical computations. the open motion planning library (ompl) consists of many state-of-the-art sampling-based motion planning algorithms converts a pdf to a booklet deflate compression method library (for nintendo 3ds homebrew development) pseudo-3d shooter written completely in awk using raycasting technique multi-platform and multi-node gui for vcash. ros - package for nodelet tutorial. ros - stereo and single image rectification and disparity processing. free and open source cross-platform third-person action game using a modified version of the ioquake3 engine. awslogs client a c library that implements an sql database engine (x32 abi) official qt gui wallet for monero, a private, secure, untraceable peer-to-peer currency ropemode, a helper for using rope refactoring library in ides software environment for simulation and analysis of biomolecular networks log-structured caching for linux minecrafter fonts from http://www.dafont.com a c unit and performance testing framework a convenience api for nfc cards manipulations on top of libnfc a cross-platform application and ui framework (translations, apple-darwin) 1987 dodge omni america car model for racer (cg version) by harey this modules provides a collection of test utilities for file attributes. an open-source gui prototyping tool - evolus release various tools for geocaching a powerful, user-friendly and interoperable gis. ros - polled_camera contains a service and c helper classes for implementing a polled camera driver node and requesting images from it. a simple, but fun, physics engine prototype nersc shifter: linux containers for hpc a utility for manipulating the scancode/keycode translation tables of keyboard drivers adds/extends ssl support for common perl modules a qr code generator written purely in python with svg, eps, png and terminal output (fixed for python3) an open source, high performance real-time graphics toolkit - git mirror an automatic termination prover for term rewrite systems (trs) a suite of tools for creating video dvds dependency based init system that works with sysvinit. a collection of scripts and systemd services for tablet functionality of the thinkpad yoga a free unicode calligraphic persian font. a lightweight web server designed for rapidly sharing files over http - qt frontend an implementation of the logical framework lf simple php script for grabbing episode titles out of list of episodes pages on wikipedia with the wikipedia api a wide-coverage dependency parser for dutch selinux library and simple utilities ros - roswtf is a tool for diagnosing issues with a running ros system. irc client for the gtk-2.0 environment the official applications menu for zorin os. extension for adding bidirectional support to urxvt private messaging from your desktop web browser from mozilla.org, nightly build, ukrainian l10n the gnu compiler collection - c and c frontends (4.8.x) a full-featured amarok-style media player for gtk easy, portable file locking api. efficiently count the number of line breaks in a file clipf is a personal finance manager with command line interface comment stuff out citrix xenserver tools perl interface to pcsensor usb thermometers tool for scanning source code and flagging common security related programming errors switch between nvidia and bumblebee sound package en_us-heather from svxlink in medium quality pack, ship and run any application as a lightweight container (experimental) tools for samsung laptops introspect overloaded operators ayatana scrollbars, pointer-triggered overlay scrollbars to save screen real-estate. gtk2 organize data in tables context menu comparison extension for nemo file manager the upnp portmapper can be used to easily manage the port mappings/port forwarding of a upnp enabled internet gateway/router in the local network. cloudabi wrapper for pkg-config. emacs minor mode for pseudo-structurally editing lisp code megasync libs (git version) an image viewer and slideshow application. provides the sender rewriting scheme (srs) via tcp-based lookup tables for postfix flexible, powerful, server-side application for playing music with dsd patches and sox enabled computing orbital parameters from tle files, and making diverse astronomical computations a high-performance interactive 2d/3d data visualization library. perl/cpan module data::ical: generates icalendar (rfc 2445) calendar files clickable/configurable update of arch linux http/2 web server with automatic https c library for websocket clients and servers (compiled with libuv support) digitally imported integration for nuvola player. varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko a light-weight c library to facilitate using c design patterns python2 undo/redo engine for plain text and wxpython textctrl a simple module to extract the timestamp from media files in an flexible manner. a tool for uploading files to pomf.se clones openfabrics alliance infiniband umad (user management datagram) library scripts to help you track changes to your /etc files a standalone virtual keyboard for the steam controller kde/qt-based distributed irc client (core only) ruby binding for nanomsg. nanomsg library is a high-performance implementation of several "scalability protocols". a utility for sending push notifications to different backends (pushover, pushbullet, xmpp and various desktop notification systems) none library for easy processing of keyboard entry from terminal-based programs. ros - rqt_pose_view provides a gui plugin for visualizing 3d poses. a unix utility designed to graph a given process's cpu usage over time perl package to log/report a problem with exceptions, pluggable handlers and translation support python frequency scanning gui for the osmosdr rtl-sdr library hl7 2.x parser with support for traditional (er7) and xml encoding library to access the volume shadow snapshot (vss) format test your project's packaging friendliness (hg version) ros - python implementation of the urdf parser. the octave-forge nnet package for working with neural networks. experimental, scalable, high performance http server lha archive support for python 3 initcpio hooks for baseos boot ros - effort_controllers. portable implementation of file-mon bibliography conversion tools allows creating homebrew game boy advance (gba) roms in qtcreator generate a static html website from your twitter time line enlightened sound daemon xedgewarp is a window manager agnostic tool for pointer warping between outputs text::caml for dancer python 2 sql toolkit and object relational mapper pjeoffice is a software made available by cnj for electronic signing pje system's documents manipulate audio with an simple and easy high level interface large english-russian dictionary for stardict generate waveform data and render waveform images from audio files python library to read and write exif data from tiff and jpg files phpunit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for php. inofficial latex2e reference manual in info format - french bobcat (brokken's own base classes and templates) library tls test suite and fuzzer ros - this package provides a c interface for camera calibration information. aka pycad. a simple and scriptable 2d cad. allows you to run a command and see what it does to your files a pager for sawfish signing (with x.509 certificates) program for pdf files. binary installation. fala - a simple text reader ethereum miner with cuda and stratum support. chfast's version. web front-end for kvm virtual machines aggregate automatically nzb search results. easy. quick. clean. frame configuration management for gnu emacs modelled after gnu screen ros - ros packaging system. a particle physics package for data analysis and validation of monte carlo event generators sat>ip server, tested with dvb-s, dvb-s2, dvb-t, dvb-t2, dvb-c, dvb-c2, atsc and isdb-t cards support for antlr parser generator in eclipse scientific tools for python - built with openblas an integrated platform for performing security testing of web applications (free edition). a combination of platforming and role playing games with many hilarious references. it takes place in harnakon, a huge medieval castle. a python vxi-11 driver for controlling instruments over ethernet. collection of tools for driving lights connected to an external controller, compatible to new version of ffmpeg a highly modular framework for the minetest game engine (minetest capture the flag engine) library for srtp (secure realtime transport protocol) (32-bit) collection of over 20 patched fonts (complete variant) for powerline, devicons, and vim-devicons: includes droid sans, meslo, anonymouspro, profont, inconsolta, and many more a c wrapper for dbus a protocol plugin for remmina to open a folder. display indicators in the xfce4 panel kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-lts-selinux kernel evolving objects is a template-based, ansi-c evolutionary computation library which helps you to write your own stochastic optimization algorithms insanely fast. simple backup system inspired from the flyback project and timevault. qt4 gui version. ros - kdl binding for tf2. libretro implementation of mednafen ngp, itself a fork of neopop (neo geo pocket/color) the great work is a nifflas game about an apprentice that is expected to return home with some gold. additional stamps for tux paint, cvs version complete stand alone driver for canon pixma ip7200 series simple daemon and library to make per window layout cross compile qt for the raspberry pi2 ros - ros master implementation. cups driver for the brother dcp-7065dn qemu guest agent. git version. mpathconf - a tool for configuring device-mapper-multipath generate dependency graphs from python code jupyter notebook tools for sphinx http/2-based rpc framework tool to generate a 3d dawn scene data clipped with an arbitrary plane. an object-oriented version of the arpack package (mingw-w64) standalone tools for clang: syntax checking, formatting, refactoring, etc. a kde c interface for mediawiki based web service as wikipedia.org a library that provides access to all contacts and the people who hold them a team-based tactical shooter based on the quake 3 engine platform-agnostic video game programming tools very simple, rounded, sans serif font family, from pablo impallari cleans up unminified, unneeded etc. files from your website project and creates a zip archive. fortune quotes from homeland a controller library for tor a script compiler and editor for pokémon gba roms binkley protocol daemon for transferring files between fidonet systems additional libraries for enabling odbc applications with instant client a powerful interactive packet manipulation program written in python a program that allows you to quickly and conveniently pick file in a (possibly very large) project a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard (version 2) (mingw-w64) implementation of the stringprep, punycode and idna specifications (x32 abi) radar theme pack for xde lpr and cups driver for the brother hl3150cdn commandline utility for posting snippets to slack libvirt provider plugin for vagrant the gnu project debugger (m68k-elf) write user-friendly command line apps with even less suffering kicad .pretty repos. theese are the new footprint library. build2 build system send by email the messages received while offline (if email/alias==jid) songs for ultrastar deluxe (usdx) allows to change the color of folders (git version) cross binutils for the apple darwin cross-compiler minimalistic buffer tabs saving screen space an implementation of sed in go. just because! photo frame gadget for the gnome desktop open source re-creation of the popular game dune ii a fast tldr client written in rust. cross-platform audio output library and plugins syntax and supporting functionality for the rust filetype atomic file writes on posix a python module for converting xml to intelligent python data structures, and converting python data structures to xml. free streaming voice recognition with dynamic language learning complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mg2200 series (mg2200, 2250 etc.) collection of special mathematical functions python library to parse pacman's .srcinfo file zukitwo style for fluxbox ros - robot-independent gazebo plugins for sensors, motors and dynamic reconfigurable components. the tax code in italy is an alphanumeric code with a fixed length of 16 characters, inspired by the use of library, which is used to uniquely identify the tax and administrative citizens. a modern editor with a backend written in rust. hook for dhcpcd to sync time as soon as connection is up software package to work with jtag-aware hardware devices, from the openwince project major mode for ats programming language. ros - usb video class driver library. the leap motion developer sdk a fairy tale whose hero belongs to one of the many metal (sub-)genres, served in the marvelous form of fortune cookies! schleuder is a group's gateway: a gpg-enabled mailinglist with remailing-capabilities. a class for vectors of 1-bit booleans objects with mutual exclusion and condition variables python bindings for the eureqa api php extension for imagick pure-python implementation of the git file formats and protocols a new integrated development environment (ide) for r programming language perl extension for retrieving terminal size (perl version) a cross-platform open-source utility to flash firmware (aka roms) onto samsung galaxy s devices. binary record and replay framework: lightweight recording and deterministic debugging a python package to create/manipulate dxf drawings. a command line xdg compliant launcher lpr-to-cups wrapper for brother mfc-j6720dw multifunction network printer catalyst::plugin::stacktrace - display a stack trace on the debug screen a set of free modern revival fonts, with ligatures, swash characters, and ornaments, digitalized by igino marini. axis labeling convert (almost) anything to json iteratively writes patterns on files or disk devices to make retreiving the data more difficult qt 5 for android simple yet effective dotfiles manager guessing reasonable defaults for locale, keyboard layout, territory, and language. jabber/xmpp instant messenger client written in python with gtk libraries for use with postgresql multi purpose nagios wrapper plugin to display multiple lines of plugin output a free bitmap font with wide unicode support (psf version, for apl) tlauncher is freeware launcher of minecraft. java vnc viewer for openstack nova an advanced protection system for php installations password analysis and cracking kit a monospaced font derived from the eurofurence typeface family python bindigs for the taglib audio metadata library tools for working with intel me customizable snake game with ncurses for the terminal efficient sample rate conversion in python can i have a pony? qt4 interface for aria2 download mananger frontend for sdlmame/sdlmess based on mame plus! rake-based ruby extension (c, java) task generator cli and gui interface to backup and restore gmail data via imap core libs for osmocom log system library for c/c projects the linux perf gui for performance analysis pyg package installer writing of coastlines, borders and rivers to images in python small utility used to generate code from a dia diagram. a desktop calendar, todo list and event list secure let's encrypt client a cross-platform, aesthetic, distraction-free markdown editor meliaesvg icon theme set programming language with the following features 1. threaded code based 2. aggressively developed 3. never provide backward compatibility [github git version] ncurses display manager simple browser based on pyqt5 and qtwebkit compress your javascript code using google online service of closure compiler none an open source vector graphics editor, using svg file format, from git master open multicast ping, a tool for testing ipv4/ipv6 multicast connectivity cross-platform 3d audio library, software implementation (mingw-w64) transactional security and privacy-focused decentralized open source cryptocurrency (daemon) network plug for switchboard oracle vm virtualbox extension pack lightweight system monitor for x a lean snippet manager based on github gist library that provides a simple dictionary with lru behaviour new squared icon set for linux that sports clean lines, smooth gradients, and simple icon logos a multi tool for ssh, scp and sftp, supporting port knocking and openvpn (german version) expands [%here] into its location lv2 plugin host for pd persian dictionaries for hunspell a distributed, open source, c/c package manager. all-in-one voice and text chat for gamers that's free and secure. provides easily administered shared ssh access to mercurial repositories. diary application source foundry hack is is hand groomed and optically balanced typeface to be your go-to code face based on the bitstream vera mono font. open minded editor for modern 2d games stay focused. accomplish more. c library for kinect. core library used by rgbdemo to process kinect data. style checker for ocaml sources ethereum go client display and troubleshoot sip signaling over ip networks in console inspect pacman log file. font for buginese script. live video streaming technology based on bittorrent protocol literm is a terminal emulator: the design goal is to be simplistic while still providing a reasonable amount of features. plunge into a shadowy conspiracy world where the schemes of a mad drug kingpin and the prophesied return of an ancient mayan god clash in what could be the end for all mankind. provides a simple daemon class to ease the process of forking a python application on unix systems ldap schema for fusiondirectory systems plugin shows reflection/configuration to aid the development of flask applications utility-belt to build form data request bodies. provides support for `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` and `multipart/form-data` types. the purely functional package manager a computer program that allows device makers and hardware developers to interact at a low level (read/write/erase/repartition/reformat) with the storage (e.g. emmc) connected to the nvidia tegra chip on a low level from a connected pc an ephemeral multi-person ssh chat qemu guest agent. git version pdb, a drop-in replacement for pdb realtime midi i/o for python ros - these tools inspect and describe your system with macros, types and functions. to change the timezone in arch linux. bindings for scrypt-n proof of work used by vertcoin this is a port of the clang python bindings to python 3. live glsl coding render for macos and linux paragon ntfs & hfs for linux driver (dkms) basic linear algebra subprograms (32-bit) seoul256 theme for xfce terminal romanian language pack for firefox beta clean, easy to use and highly extensible internet relay chat (irc) client, built on the mozilla platform rackspace auth plugin for openstack clients. a selector-based (a la css) templating library for clojure gpl 3 and artistic 2.0 dual license an offline client for uploading and ordering photos at fotolab.sk (aka fotostar client) python library for reading and writing esri shapefiles kiconthemes fcitx module of a japanese input method for chromium os, windows, mac and linux (the open source edition of google japanese input) with mozc ut dictionary (additional dictionary) a transport layer for coarray fortran compilers. an open source vehicle simulator based on soft-body physics - version without angelscript - may be required at 32 bit systems smart sql editor and advanced database client packed together for optimum productivity a cross-platform software package for econometric analysis, written in the c programming language library for reading and writing audio files in many common formats cppcms is the web development framework written in c, that is aimed on development of high performance web application. kernel-space remake of the popular fortune program dos emulator simplc simulator for lc-3 assembly language. elementary os openbox theme a hub for the adc network. runtime gcc 4.9 libraries (32-bit) an improved screenlocker based upon xcb and pam (popoffka fork) uk hmrc basic paye tools for linux a lightweight application launcher configured for justbrowsing cendio thinlinc linux remote desktop server bitcoin is a peer-to-peer network based digital currency. this package provides bitcoin-core binaries: bitcoind, bitcoin-qt, bitcoin-tx, and bitcoin-cli high-performance authoritative-only dns server (long term support) toolkit for processing sequences in fasta/q formats hi-res freespace 1 resources for fsport overhead physics shmup with an evolving enemy. lightweight java game library - for use in game projects in java. legacy version. vulkan benchmark sophisticated text editor for code, html and prose (legacy version) a code editor for html, css and javascript. pandoc cross references - executable only, without 750mb haskell depends/makedepends an interface-compatible port of perl 5 digest::md5 to perl 6 python binding for timbl, a k-nearest neighbours machine learning suite gives something like the functionality of libwww-perl (lwp) in ruby. a simplistic clean and minimal theme for refind font family based on the bitstream vera fonts with a wider range of characters (development snapshot) frontend to merge kopete histories from different computers a text editor for gnome ocr a pdf file and make it browsable the gnu debugger modified for mips-harvard-os161 arquitecture. this is part of toolset for the course os161 from harvard. roles with composition parameters python bindings to libftdi a python module for easily building good multi-command scripts - git checkout a creative tool that allows you to layout your photos or pictures in a personal way themes for emerald this utility dumps shapefiles and associated data into various formats scirpting language for big data a system monitoring agent for linode customers. ruby/ntlm provides message creator and parser for the ntlm authentication. universal access indicator for wingpanel tex to mathml translator microsoft windows 10 traditional chinese truetype fonts a gnome-shell theme as part of ozon os vmware horizon client connect to vmware horizon virtual desktop - real-time audio-video (webcam and audio-in) a gui to view and manager running jupyter notebook servers a utility class for downloading webpages and storing them in an sqlite3 database as a cache. a small yet quite capable shell script for encoding video files to the mpeg4 part 2/xvid video format using ffmpeg. a gtk theme based on greybird, with dark menus manual pages for gnu/kfreebsd systems pulseaudio system tray (a replacement for padevchooser) gone home is an interactive exploration simulator by fullbright. universalcodegrep (ucg) is an extremely fast grep-like tool specialized for searching large bodies of source code manage users and groups for a freeradius server fortran77 subroutines designed to solve large scale eigenvalue problems (mingw-w64) ftp proxy with optional access and command control and client monitoring a powerful text editor for mate a virtual network service for openstack - one convergence plugin adventure game studio, a development tool that is primarily used to create graphical adventure games an insanely hard and delightfully meaty platformer (game sold separately) livescript is a language which compiles to javascript capable and ergonomic go ide an auditing tool for wi-fi or wired ethernet connections. the entire mathematical components library for coq. a website quality assurance reporting tool java uml diagram editor c data analysis framework and interpreter from cern - development version. the missing desktop application for pushbullet gtk platform backend for qt program to easily change brightness on backlight-controllers. an additive wavetable-based synthesizer vst plugin gkrellm plugin to add quicklaunch tabs for your favorite apps an sdr decoder, supports pocsag, ufsk, clipfsk, afsk, hapn, fsk, dtmf, zvei. plugin that creates little application launchers in the xfce4 panel python client library for the browserid protocol a simple command line tool to generate scm-source.json lightweight profile based screen manager for x python module for an atomic named interprocess lock which is local to the machine. an open source flash player implementation the lxqt file manager, qt port of pcmanfm library for building interactive full-screen terminal programs. dvb demux tool for repairing and analyzing different stream types provides a simple foundation for reading dvd video disks (32 bit) write logs to firebug or webkit inspector classes for a webkit2 based implementation and a new qml api slice a png image for text-flow in html manjaro starfield grub2 menda theme . binding library for spot-on libraries for use with pipelinedb qmmp plugin pack nimf is an input method framework validate sorted records for the sort benchmarks presented on www.sortbenchmark.org a curses terminal client for the notmuch email system a library for rendering svg documents provides utilities that are of general usage for the development of python packages standard library for ppx rewriters an advanced doom port with vanilla compatibility system for processing image data from electron microscopy and related fields an auto-scraper for emulationstation written in go using hashes bridge to robustirc.net-irc-network, latest version from git ros - tf is a package that lets the user keep track of multiple coordinate frames over time. the official sdk of the risc-v-based hifive1 board (and arty) sync logs between geocaching.com and opencaching.de adminer skins activecollab timer tracks time on your desktop computer and lets you easily submit it to activecollab via activecollab api. a library that encapsulates the logic for complex text layout manage digital ocean droplets from your desktop gstreamer multimedia framework ugly plugins (mingw-w64) decentralized cluster membership, failure detection and orchestration util a font specially designed for comfortably reading on any computer or device. web scraping framework ros - a metapackage to aggregate the packages required to use publish / subscribe, services, launch files, and other core ros concepts. c# api syntaxhighlighting, to color text,html, xml and spec. command line tool to locally run and deploy your node.js application to amazon lambda google android sdk define and parse command line options with a friendly dsl. quantum chemistry - bader population analysis a gimp plugin to correct lens distortion using the lensfun library and database. the linux kernel and modules with xanmod patches a small arm/x86(_64) libc. french program to create mathematical exercises and models filmic view and look transformations for blender tty driver and firmware update for comtrol devicemaster, rts, lt, pro, 500, up, rpsh-si, rpsh, and serial port hub console terminal device server themes for uniform look and feel throughout liri os collection of executable targets that were developed around bulk77i modules a pretty-printer for lua code a simple kde4 frontend for xnee and xbindkeys. beautiful dynamic pixel wallpaper for gnome patch btusb so it works on qca devices with id 0x3004 fedora 10 (cambridge) solar backgrounds. a virtual network service for openstack - one convergence plugin midi controllable sampler an improved screenlocker based upon xcb and pam - epita's version a polyrhythmic metronome symbol font from urbanfonts.com search for original sources of cropped images and thumbnails. free, open source ftp, ftps and sftp client python library to access can bus via socketcan, kvaser's canlib, or can over serial geoip2 module for mainline nginx a tool to investigate the history of source code. this is preview software intended to provide you with an opportunity to test-drive new builds of the next deepgit release. htpc/homelab services organizer. python bindings for mupdf a lua library to access the underlying directory structure and file attributes monero: the secure, private, untraceable currency - release version (includes daemon, wallet and miner) an internet accountablity software written in c for linux, windows, and mac os x epson printer driver (stylus s21, t21, t24, t27) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine adaway, hosts file blacklisting for linux dust: an elysian tail. an action packed 2d, hack'n'slay platformer a simple and very fast template module wrapper for "docker run" to handle systemd quirks a command line pastebin - shell demos and samples of common tasks and new functionality in oracle java 8 development kit a free, light-weight system monitor for x with lua enabled for arch based distros renders an image of the earth into the x root window a python interface to the pam library (configured to build for python2) png optimizer which recompresses image files to a smaller size losslessly. a simple django template tag to work with bootstrap a simple python3 utility that allows you to utilize the 12factor inspired database_url environment variable to configure your django application. a collection of c http libraries including an easy to use http server an “oh my zsh!” theme for astronauts. cinnamon service menus for beyond compare 4 classic first person shooter, shareware episode data dispatcher script for pdnsd; works with systemd and sysvinit extracts the top level domain (tld) from the url given a roman serif with blackletter elements. python 3 packages for alternative (github) implementation of python-magic the linux kernel and modules (git version) interface to the gstreamer library crypt::pkcs10 parses pkcs #10 certificate requests (csrs) and provides accessor methods to extract the data in usable form. a port of the touptek photonics's pc software touplite for linux wiki2beamer is a small tool to create latex beamer presentations from text files with a wiki-like syntax. thus, it enables the user to create beamer presentations in a less time-consuming way. mictronics fork of dump1090, a simple mode s decoder for rtlsdr devices. gitflow plugin for magit.el chicken scheme egg: an efficient and powerful lexer generator kernel driver for exposing the apu2/3 leds via the sysfs, also usermode tools a realtime distributed messaging platform efl based ide. sam is an adaption to c of the speech software sam (software automatic mouth) for the commodore c64. recording and replaying keyboard and mouse events on an x server basic web ui that displays traffic graphs from vnstat ruby git bindings. python clipboard manager python module which allows you to specify timeouts when calling any existing function, and support for stoppable threads log events to an array (reference) lithuanian dictionary for hunspell a ros-independent package for logging that seamlessly pipes into rosconsole/rosout for ros-dependent packages. flexible changelog generation toolkit that adapts to your commit conventions a vertical scrolling shooter based on the arcade game xevious tool to convert entries in the pypi database to pkgbuilds airhockey with tux (shufflepuck cafe clone) pam modules that synchronizes home directories upon logins using libcsync ros - rqt_service_caller provides a gui plugin for calling arbitrary services. provides a set of easy to use chart components (mingw-w64) generic image manipulation library a beautiful monospace persian font based on vazir and inconsolata fonts. simple qt5 radio player wiki software based on php library to extract valid data from within an excel (.xls) spreadsheet (mingw-w64) x login service for systemd header files and scripts for building modules for linux-selinux kernel official ovh.com api wrapper json implementation for ruby ldap schema for fusiondirectory alias plugin parser for the user agent string python module for gnu parted - python 3.x pkg querying your filehandle's capabilities math companion for the tex gyre pagella family a youtube music player a simple plugin for clamtk to allow a right-click, context menu scan of files or folders in the nautilus file manager. c framework for json-rpc 1.0 and 2.0 sstp client stable revision moksha seven theme from git sources management plugin for audit ros - this package provides messages and serializations / conversion for the octomap library. clone of the puzzle game pushover (amiga). perl devel::callchecker cpan module kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. base class for implementing various dependency trees updated version of popular wget tool cpan/spread::client::constant - spread::client constants runs applications via vnc. useful for scaling on high dpi (hidpi) screens. gen-symver-map utility of intel® manycore platform software stack api wrapper for getpocket.com ossp universally unique identifier deepin wine tim 1.0.4 flask unittest integration a tandy model 100-family computer emulator ros - turtle_actionlib demonstrates how to write an action server and client with the turtlesim. translates ps/pdf graphics to other vector formats (no imagemagick dependency) a custom, unicode-competent version of the bsd strings utility. a simple, lightweight aur package downloader bash script to check blacklisting for domains and ip addresses trim adapters from high-throughput sequencing reads a high speed sdr waterfall display. qt5 based panel based on qtpanel notifications indicator for wingpanel light weight process library grub-btrfs, include btrfs snapshots at boot options. (grub menu) single-pass djvu encoder based on djvu libre and imagemagick a terraria server administration modification that runs on the open source terrariaapi. a shell script to create a nated/bridged software access point a gtk go game interface to play and edit game records print documents and more from dolphin with an interactive menu spanish (mexico) language pack for pale moon browser an imagemagick-like frontend to biopython seqio configuration for policy kit an interactive, multi-threaded network client for text terminals. makes debugging with gdb suck less lua frontend to the openssl cryptographic library replace vi with vim sans-serif typeface from google by anna giedryś perl module providing pdl interface to the hdf5 data format ros - the smach_ros package contains extensions for the smach library to integrate it tightly with ros. python interface to debians bug tracking system minimal version control system comment stuff out automatically accept subscriptions from other contacts (friendly environment) a major mode for editing rebol programs the ligo scientific consortium algorithm library suite. lalinspiral support incident tracker (or sit!) is a web based helpdesk/support ticket system experimental render for realrtcw a url retrieval utility and library a very large collection of color schemes from vim.org ros - integration test suite based on roslaunch that is compatible with xunit frameworks. ros - this library contains wrappers for generating floating point values, integers, quaternions using boost libraries. mail::rfc822::address - perl extension for validating email addresses according to rfc822 displays back trace in html gandi command line interface 3rd party dr.com client for cauc an open source compiler for the programming languages defined in the iec 61131-3 standard micro (u) window manager the unofficial python binding for sfml tool to convert parallax propeller spin code to pasm, c or c a ncurses client for mpv which connects to existing mpv instances through sockets, written in rust. warning: early development stage, for bug-hunters only! computer algebra system for polynomial computations: factory and libfac u-boot for a10 olinuxino lime a simple virtual terminal emulator for x. using the tomorrow-night colorscheme and the terminus font. information about perl modules c bindings for libvlc full-featured bitcoin wallet management application a stupid terminal based on vte japanese slender font (mincho-style) based on ipa font v3 monitor and control the tesla model s color palettes for python cli streamlink wrapper for twitch.tv web-based client for tutanota's end-to-end encrypted mail service a small collection of programs that use libsndfile and other libraries to do useful things graphical user interface for x-ray detector software. gnome2-vfs perl bindings for gnome-vfs drop-in replacement for uri::escape a tool to facilitate the creation of linux containers for developing debian systems authen-simple for perl microsoft windows 10 other truetype fonts a simple, powerful, and fast logging implementation in ruby. brute-force a git commit hash modern ide designed for developping large u/c applications — nightly build kerio control vpn client for corporate networks (version 8.5, the last compatible vpn client for older kerio winroute firewall 6.x). open source tool for testing web applications using python a vim front-end to the gdb and pdb debuggers python bindings for the lzo data compression library measures your keyboard, mouse and application usage, network traffic and uptime. extension of sql::abstract with more constructs and more flexible api e is theorem prover for full first-order logic with equality. ros - this rqt plugin ros package provides easy view of .launch files. dynamic audio and video feed mixer w3perl is a free and comprehensive logfile analyzer for web / ftp / squid and mail servers. plugin for vapoursynth: eedi2 (git version) a small command-line vocable trainer that uses the leitner box system. a cloudflare-resolver free sparks miniature font by j. ross small python script for loading init.lua to esp8266 nodemcu firmware xo thames font created considering trends of modern typography from «новые облачные технологии» perl extension for consistent signal handling llvm ir and optimizer for shaders, including front-end adapters for glsl and spir-v ros - the actionlib stack provides a standardized interface for interfacing with preemptable tasks. lightweight gtk2 mail checker for the system tray/notification area of panels. a computational toolbox for large scale calcium imaging data analysis and behavioral analysis. rtl8821au, rtl8812au and rtl8811au chipset driver with firmware v5.1.5 suckless command line video editor a flat gtk theme inspired by the google interface. real-time udp data emitter library to provide a cross-platform gpio interface on the raspberry pi and beaglebone black using the rpi.gpio and adafruit_bbio libraries. postgresql modules for php allows admin users to perform several root only actions from dolphin via kdesu/kdesudo ros - this package defines messages commonly used in mapping packages. standalone mail/news reader - beta version with gtk3 python interface to umfpack sparse direct solver. centralized management system for ubiquiti unifi surveillance cameras a lighweight version of festival speech synthesis (version 1) qcost is a software to write bill of quantities in the construction world. event based transparent client/server rpc framework. pololu maestro control center lightweight sequence diagram editor bed: beamer editor, gui for latex beamer presentations. this extension provides pam (pluggable authentication modules) integration in php. computer algebra system designed for fast computations in number theory the crazy ball tunnel game a lite image scanning application. (git version) ros - components of moveit connecting to mongodb. an absorbing logic game. script.aculo.us is a javascript library providing dynamic visual effects and user interface elements via the document object model. practical extraction and report language - compact (very limited) single executable a rewrite of i3-dmenu-desktop, which is much faster convert html to google code wiki markup. viewer application for flysight gps log data gnome-osx iv space grey gtk theme the canterbury distribution package manager computes astrometric and photometric solutions for any arbitrary sequence of fits images in a completely automatic way. a top-down 2d action rpg dynamic key remapper for x window system an http client in c that uses the libev event library. vim configuration files for ruby (git version) ivideon-server daemon filter for csv files. analyzes some php source code and tries to fix coding standards issues (psr-1 and psr-2 compatible). spamassassin, clamav and dmarc scripts for communigate pro communications platform lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-1910w automatic techniques for locating 128-bit and 256-bit aes keys in a captured memory image a posix compliant shell that aims to be as small as possible create, manage, and monitor linux mdraid block device raid arrays epson printer driver (xp-310, xp-410) netwm compliant desktop panel (git) qso log signing data for the arrl logbook of the world (lotw) recall what you did on the last working day. lightweight, extensible data validation library for python python bindings for geany plugin api and plugins. efl powered neovim gui openvsp allows the user to create a 3d model of an aircraft defined by common engineering parameters. integrates sat>ip network devices seamlessly into vdr open-source c library for audio analysis and audio-based music information retrieval the api and cli tools that provide access to amazon elastic beanstalk awsebcli additional linear algebra code, including general svd and matrix functions. command line and configuration file parsing library a peer-to-peer network-based digital currency (git version) simple business intelligence application gnome-shell extension for displaying tracker search results in the shell overview a python usbtmc driver for controlling instruments over usb. iceclass lightened, for lxqt and kde a cross-platform application and ui framework gmvault is a tool for backing up your gmail account and never lose email correspondence. code-aster (mercurial version) play psx games in sony psp, one disc games nuvoton module for nct677x chips not yet supported in the kernel. plugable irc client library based on asyncio nvidia drivers for all kernels on the system (beta) a tool that helps you to create a bootable live usb drive for clonezilla live, drbl live, gparted live and tux2live. development version a simple python script that converts chm files into pdf files. a typeface used in edward tufte's books (ttf) linux terminal based on classic terminals from first person shooter games dbus introspection command utility a persian font series derived from x series 2 fonts with kashida feature. weather data visualization, grib file viewer bloody 2d action deathmatch-like game in ascii-art tripcode generator intended for image boards linux advanced power management - radio device wizard a dotted version of raleway, from pablo impallari go dependency management tool qt5 configuration tool - svn version. postgresql config tuner microsoft azure command-line tools core module πfs - the data-free filesystem! explicit-state model checker simple terminal emulator ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. a spell checker and grammar checker for libreoffice and openoffice.org - brazilian portuguese. a source client for broadcasting in ogg vorbis format to an icecast2 server ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) the linux-wave kernel and modules byteball cryptocurrency testnet wallet client. simple secure free software dpi/censorship-resistant vpn daemon qconnman library (qt) a lightweight jabber client library written in c/glib. build with openssl instead of gnutsl (build with gnutls don't work with latest mcabber) meatier versions of caller firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - vietnamese the "compiler-rt" set of runtime libraries for clang and llvm fast and slick customizable minimalistic web browser used for making desktop launchers for web apps. works on linux, windows and mac os x. stable release. interactive parallel visualization and graphical analysis tool. simple perl scripts to convert to and from file:// uri iptv simple pvr client addon for kodi ros - a simple rviz view controller that follows a tf frame. ros - this metapackage depends on the smach library and ros smach integration packages. es6 to es5 compiler kodi texturepacker tool address book api for kde lpr and cups driver for brother ql-1050n label printer a simple prefork server framework extra modules and scripts for cmake tools for generating, visualizing, and analysing link communities in networks a tool that fixes png images to prevent white borders when used as opengl textures stargate sf series inspired travel network. the iptables stateful packet filtering firewall builder. this is keraleeyam, a font belonging to a set of truetype and opentype fonts released under the gnu general public license for malayalam language. a virtual network service for openstack - sr-iov plugin agent man pages for japanese php script that displays information about the host being accessed. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - kaqchikel voice recordings for freeswitch a gui repl for javascript & more… ros - conversion functions between: - eigen and kdl - eigen and geometry_msgs. internet traffic decoder. network forensic analysis tool (nfat) space invasion strategy game in the x-com genre python-wrapped version of gordon henderson's wiringpi. manages an application's dependencies through its entire life, across many machines, systematically and repeatably. a caja extension for sending files (gtk3 version) an open-source gui for preparing, submitting and visualizing input and output for the gamess quantum chemistry package. add a custom action to pcmanfm to perform hard link copies. qt/kf5 gui wrapper over dnscrypt-proxy arabic script unicode font designed in a similar style to traditional naskh typefaces an open source fighting video game and moddable game engine (aka beats of rage) alps core libraries for numerical simulations of condensed matter systems. libgdx project setup advanced normalization tools (ants) computes high-dimensional \ mappings to capture the statistics of brain structure and function a minimalist fifo and filesystem-based irc client cooperative i/o and multitasking for python integrate kdeconnect on desktop environments that use appindicators (e.g. unity) easily find and download subtitles for your videos. an open-source exploitation framework dedicated to embedded devices. perform high-performance column queries from mongodb for python 3. 10x speedup over pymongo alone. static and runtime integration of scxml models into qt code (mingw-w64) python api for tmux http://libtmux.readthedocs.io/ query and change linux monitor settings using ddc/ci and usb (development version). html documentation for postgresql download utility that supports http(s), ftp, bittorrent, and metalink solaris porting layer kernel modules. freeswitch fork of ilbc codec a chemical drawing tool gtk theme for equinox engine none a library allowing to download single files from a remote zip archive this library allows you to recognize and build urls in a rack application. a fully integrated 3d graphics creation suite, to be used as python module. useful for programmatic/batch rendering. shared nothing, fully searchable, document oriented cluster datastore. songhai language pack for firefox beta python read/write support for esri shapefile format a set of utilities that are handy to use with git-annex repositories tools for multicast testing (msend and mreceive) ros - provides a portable set of time functions that are especially useful for porting other code or being wrapped by higher level c classes. xml to pyx generator apertium language data for the icelandic-english translator. a fork of i3lock which introduces a blur option that does not rely on opengl ros - robot-independent gazebo plugins for sensors, motors and dynamic reconfigurable components. kmfl engine for ibus microsoft azure command-line tools monitor command module file path and name utilities a simple calendar application with reminders for xfce san-serif font by yamaoka yasuhiro social networks analysis and visualisation (development version) a little word cloud generator in python 2 dropbox rest api client. nvidia driver for arch's official 'linux' package (beta version) constants, types and data structures used by cloudabi an open source implementation of dhcpv6 developed by kame project (with debian patches) seafile is an online file storage and collaboration tool c implementation of python 3 functools.lru_cache. framework that lets applications manage user installable packages of non-binary assets a tool to create memes using cli command line tools for dealing with the folia format (format for linguistic annotation). mifare classic universal toolkit (mfcuk) nfs-safe file locking with timeouts for posix systems android sdk local maven repository for google libraries a mighty, modern css linter that helps you enforce consistent conventions and avoid errors in your stylesheets a non-overlapping mix of ionicons and awesome iconic fonts a plugin for flake8 finding likely bugs and design problems in your program a dmenu wrapper nvidia egl wayland library (libnvidia-egl-wayland.so.1.0.2) for 'nvidia-utils-beta' a set of python2 bindings for the djvulibre library nvidia driver utilities and libraries for 'nvidia-full-beta-all' virtual machine hypervisor documentation file-related utilities nyan cat in your emacs modeline x neko project ii, a pc-9801 emulator. (svn version) suite of database functions that make it easy to write tap-emitting unit tests in psql scripts or xunit-style test functions. a configurable, extensivle replacement for i3status written in go a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator, with oculus rift vr support very small elliptic curve cryptography library (mingw-w64) generic video downloader for principially any site. rounded geometric sans-serif typeface from google by johan aakerlund postal: quirky fps shooter python xml to dict parser. perl extension for mixed-base number representation (like apl encode/decode) non-backtracking nfa-based regular expression library, for c and python a featureful ncurses based log file viewer provides pkcs11 module support for smart-card readers, now with 144k smartcard/cac support and downstream fedora patches. c minimal interface to encode and decode audio with ambe3000 based devices in packet mode over a serial link create temporary files a website directory indexer and file manager powerful parametric 2d/3d cad, modeling and application development tool foreman in go urw garamond no8 adobe type1 fonts from ctan (for texlive) cyrus imap mail server livereload server in php xstatic-magic-search jvm application and osgi container makes spotify more friendly to window managers by settings a class name before opening the window. combines string procedures i frequently use a bash-compatible unix shell written in python. a frontend for fudan elearning, with many features added. http://eh.zbyzbyzby.com/ a security validation tool that tests to see if a pc can mimic the behavior of an ip phone. it rapidly automates a vlan hop into the voice vlan. libre reimplementation of the touhou 6 engine. ghost 4 linux is a hard disk and partition imaging and cloning tool. doom port accurately reproducing the original dos exes. ros - this is a set of tools for recording from and playing back ros message without relying on the ros client library. modern on-the-fly syntax checking extension for gnu emacs a laxnum type which provides the loose behavior of moose's num pre-2.10 this sci-fi scrolling shooter brings you some of the most intense action ever seen on the pc. an open source jpeg 2000 codec (mingw-w64) a simple and powerful c library. simple encrypted arithmetic library a command line utility for various operations on container images and image repositories. unofficial eve online launcher. ros - rqt_robot_steering provides a gui plugin for steering a robot using twist messages. a personal finance program command line tools that assist applications with a variety of desktop integration tasks; patched to use mimeo this gem aims at being a simple and reliable solution for controlling external programs running in the background on any ruby / os combination. faenza icon theme for kde with dark desktop themes lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp130c a one-time password login package using pam common utilities for irc-related tasks not so simple clipboard manager for gnome, appindicator enabled tool to aid wrapping c functions to be used from lua open-source engine for heroes of might and magic iii a movie player, compiled with vaapi support php extension that allows changing the current process' name perl implementation of the rc4 encryption algorithm a sophisticated build-tool for erlang projects that follows otp principles. wolfenstein: enemy territory is a completely free, standalone, team-based, multiplayer fps (data) an arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant vim airline theme customizable tetris clone for the terminal collaborative drawing program specially made for use with pen tablets (client) gnu version of the collaborative international dictionary of english for dictd et al. opensource cross-platform cloud based note-taking client kaos plasma 5 look & feel theme files preview image generator plugin for android application package files. kf5 ver. acpi/x86 compatible driver for silead gslx680 touchscreens. colorizes output for cat. comment stuff out networkmanager vpn plugin for vpnc - git checkout tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (international pkgbuild) a systemd unit file for enabling wake-on-lan automatically finnish aprs parser, re-implemented as a c library vala and scientific numerical computation a turn-based tactics game developed as a sequel of jagged alliance and features new missions and a multiplayer mode. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - xhosa colort[int] - adjust colors by values. sega saturn core openfabrics alliance infiniband userspace communication manager xtrabackup plugin for holland a bootable efistub kernel image creator (for uefi systems) c-based metadata parser to quickly parse xml metadata into sqlite databases. mind-developing game written in pure c, gtk 2.0 and some opengl. a virtual maildir file system for notmuch queries. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j220 image reduction and analysis facility set of scripts to glue together snapshot capabilities from btrfs and backup solutions from borg in a reliable and automated way. geoip module for php56 a multiplatform antenna and radiation pattern analyzer a monitoring tool for networked computers. a swedish female voice for the mbrola synthesizer deal with library-of-congress call numbers kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-next-git kernel user-level ip forwarding and socks proxy for vpns that provide tun-like interface a distributed init system (git version) systemd startup script for google cloudprint cups connector simple and fast javascript engine written in c small and fast python based parser. inspired from ebnf and haskell. provides a uniform layer to support pyqt4, pyqt5 and pyside with a single codebase an open source fighting video game and moddable game engine (aka beats of rage) simple to use c logging api providing thread-safe, flexible, and arbitrarily granular control over log management and configuration include a full table of contents in your sphinx html sidebar ros - this rqt plugin succeeds former dynamic_reconfigures gui (reconfigure_gui), and provides the way to view and edit the parameters that are accessible via dynamic_reconfigure. a turn based dungeon crawler game, a roguelike. soft pastel gamma on dark background, same appearence in {,g}vim get the text message associated with an http status code an emacs configuration switcher. play videos on bilibili.com with mpv and danmaku2ass lightweight and powerful web server networkmanager vpn plugin for openvpn - git checkout python2 bindings for notmuch a distributed data scraping and processing framework dry django forms an xbox/xbox 360 gamepad driver - as alternative to the xpad-kernel module - with more configurability, runs in userspace and supports a multitude of controllers selinux reference policy sources ros - theora_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending an image stream encoded with the theora codec. python module for the hipack serialization format command line radio player move an sccs repository to rcs high-energy physics events generator. vdr text2skin plugin qtpass is a gui for pass. a pip requirements file parser enhanced, modern tool for communicating over jtag with flash chips, cpus,and many more a powerful text editor for mate (gtk3 version) c/c ide. free 30-day trial. blackbox cvs free cross-platform latex editor utility to extract json representation of declarations from a go source file test::www::mechanize for catalyst a python library for mutable mapping interfaces. an ooc compiler written in ooc a cross-platform open-source make system set keymap and timezone for main system inside initrd a general screenshot and upload utility for images, video, and gifs. efficient command line hex editor homebrew, but with docker images fix ntfs boot sector user level (lightweight) tcp/ip stack with ipv6 support an url retrieval utility and library (x32 abi) epson image scan! plugin for epson scanners (ds, ep, es, et, ew, l, lx, px, wf, xp series, ff-640, gt-s650, perfection v19, perfection v39) directory-based environments software pkcs11 store ros - rosparam contains the rosparam command-line tool for getting and setting ros parameters on the parameter server using yaml-encoded files. a python interface to clamd audio encoder which generates compressed audio streams based on atsc a/52 specification. a gui for omxplayer a virtual network service for openstack - l3 agent japanese outline fonts based on ipamj fonts (otf-ipamjfont) bink video player mother of all gravity games a disk data recovery tool to extract data from damaged media sphinx 'plantuml' extension fast and secure tunneling daemon provides swappable xml backends utilizing libxml, nokogiri, ox, or rexml. easy to use task manager cgm rc heli flight simulator simple arch installer (sai) dash front-end minimal task scheduling abstraction assaultcube reloaded (development) a library developed to provide a robust computational geometry framework x.org tseng video driver flat, simple and clean gtk3 theme monitors distributed systems (precompiled) fibre channel over ethernet implementation for linux - libhbalinux implementations of the floating-point lll reduction algorithm for euclidean lattices qt platform abstraction for theshell burp is a backup and restore program. it uses librsync in order to save on the amount of space that is used by each backup. semantic version comparison for python api for misp. a personal finance manager for mac, windows and linux the project gutenberg etext of moby thesaurus ii by grady ward a tool for designing and executing workflows a smooth semi-full-flat theme based on kde-next with many improvements services, firmware and udev rules to get integrated bluetooth running in raspberry pi 3 a 2d adventure in the style of classic zelda games cross-platform network packet/traffic generator and analyzer an apache module that embeds the python2 interpreter within the server a sci-fi themed action rpg that invites you to wield an extraordinary weapon of unknown origin as you fight through a stunning futuristic city intl module for php lightweight subversion library for python. a digital collectible card game with tactical elements. asteroids, while dropping acid. a modern solution for dictionary editing. high-level api for encoding .opus files geospatial image resampling in python utility to get page cache stats for files shell-integrated screen-locking with xscreensaver flask-pymongo bridges flask and pymongo, so that you can use flask’s normal mechanisms to configure and connect to mongodb. a lightweight, open source openmp compiler and runtime system for c shared library that implements scrypt() functionality - a replacement for bcrypt() vmware horizon client connect to vmware horizon virtual desktop - multimedia redirection c-implemented linked-list module for python subversion integration for the eclipse platform ros - this rqt plugin succeeds former dynamic_reconfigures gui (reconfigure_gui), and provides the way to view and edit the parameters that are accessible via dynamic_reconfigure. very resourcefriendly and feature-rich replacement for i3status, written in pure rust pipebench: measures the speed of stdin/stdout communication. randomized axelerated maximum likelihood secure multithreaded packet sniffer library for handling the bd protection scheme on bluray discs fortify rust builder is a 3d base design tool for the game rust (http://playrust.com) generate host overview from ansible fact gathering output a fuse filesystem that supports reading/writing from mtp devices moodle is a open-source software learning management system fork, cortex-m cores support, better integration with the gnu arm qemu debugging plug-in debugger interface for freescale rs08,hcs08,hcs12,coldfire and arm-kinetis devices. the tcl scripting language (mingw-w64) set of free applications that let you manipulate and analyse gps data from the command line plugin for vapoursynth: mcdegrainsharp (git version) z-machine interpreter for playing interactive fiction games, with support for unicode ros - xacro (xml macros) xacro is an xml macro language. a wiki backed by a git, darcs, or mercurial filestore simple calendar wm dockapp with integrated keyboard group indicator, based on wmcalclock-1.25 manipulate pdf documents from the command line ascii file dump that can also search for and highlight strings or numbers. a fast, minimal and lightweight browser. none driver for the brother dcp-j785dw wifi/usb multifunctional printer an ancient version of ttcp from sourceforge, updated for linux a cairo based composite manager password and account management tool suite with support for shadow files and pam; patched to allow capitals in user, and group names ros - template based exceptions - these are simple and practical and avoid the proliferation of exception types. an advanced browser made with the power user in mind. a gtk3 client for the xmms2 music player, with a focus on collections image editor, like paintbrush or paint.net, written in lazarus (free pascal). perl script that generates rrdtool graphs from sar output ros - diagnostic_updater contains tools for easily updating diagnostics. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-930cdn / mfc-930cdwn a daemon using a webcam as entropy source a least recently used (lru) cache implementation minimal sendmail replacement for forwarding mail to a single maildir box port of webkit to fltk 1.3. compiles static library (all external dependencies internalised). amd accelerated parallel processing (app) sdk, 3.0 with opencl 2.0 support. monero miner (nvidia) the lund monte carlo soufflé is a translator of declarative datalog programs into the c language system status reporting a multi-platform game development library (legacy 2.3 branch) be parsimonius with power consumption. run only what you need when on battery. fastqsp is another interactive fiction player (only for qsp format) a custom gold source engine rewritten from scratch dockapp email notification program for pop3 and imap4 servers easily share your screen over http using vnc. application development toolkit for controlling system-wide privileges software to play back audio files at a different speed or pitch. it does also allow you to loop over a certain part of a file. gtk2.0 integration plugins for qt5 http library for lua 5.3 list and change the configuration of connected firewire devices. formerly jujuutils an elegant and modern git repository viewer. designed to automate spoofing or cloning bluetooth device name, class, and address. cloning this information effectively allows bluetooth device to hide in plain site selinux binary policy manipulation library plasmoid for plasma 5. shows network speed of currently active connections. web frontend to rtorrent in php designed to resemble utorrent utility class to represent expected monad a collection of tools for testing the linux kernel and related features elementary icons for libreoffice system76 driver provides drivers, restore, and regression support for system76 computers graphical tool for configuring application settings in openbox. systemd-sysuser and systemd-tmpfiles binary; systemd compatibility package a claimless python to c converter easy-to-configure static web & reverse proxy server in go freeware rhythm video game - lazer development version support for vala and genie languages fortune quotes from quantum leap documentation for python-parse and python2-parse notetaking and sketching application recurrent neural network library for torch7's nn library for sending desktop notifications (32-bit) a fast-paced 2d action platforming game. as an acrobatic janitor, you are an adept force against dust and disorder. leap and dash off walls and ceilings, and deftly traverse precarious environments. gog version. linux native. open source high-performance computational chemistry (basis sets, ff params needed for debian binary build) cartoon-style multiplayer first-person shooter set of scripts to encode audio and video do mp4 free onedrive client written in d. - my fork with merges from other forks.(graceful continuing on upload errors) aur builder bot ros - messages and services for the controller manager. computes quick but highly informative enrichment and quality measures for chip-seq/dnase-seq/faire-seq/mnase-seq data. it can also be used to obtain robust estimates of the predominant fragment length or characteristic tag shift values in these assays. udev rule for the psvr crystallographic object-oriented toolkit for model building, completion and validation a packet filter/firewall/ids log analyzer standalone application to use the trezor hardware bitcoin wallet with your computer asset management for flask, to compress and merge css and javascript files library designed to help new users of the gnu system, who are coming from a dos background, fit into the picture and start using the gnu system with ease an experimental qt gui for vim ros - camera_calibration allows easy calibration of monocular or stereo cameras using a checkerboard calibration target. color picker dialog for tkinter, alternative to tkinter.colorchooser. a static analysis tool for django projects. notify-send drop-in replacement with more features a gtk based e-mail client - git checkout gnome document viewer ported for win32, built with pdf support the oldest version of python i could find keep a log of directories you visit to get back fast webkit ported to the enlightenment foundation libraries fish-like autosuggestions for zsh adds support for getting events from gamepad devices (mingw-w64) build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) replace firefox's control mechanism with one modelled on vim a shell script that allows you to save and jump to commonly used directories the free and open source cross platform yuv viewer with an advanced analytics toolset zinc is a stand-alone version of sbt's incremental compiler. interactive php debugger epson printer driver (xp-950) ros - metapackage of geometry tutorials ros. extendable internet relay chat client allows non-root programs to bind() to low tcp ports (0-1023) a sleek, customizable archlinux theme for lightdm. ros - controller for executing joint-space trajectories on a group of joints. a combined font that uses motoya l cedar and m fonts a farsi/arabic shaping preprocessor for troff. say howdy to west of loathing -- a single-player slapstick comedy adventure role-playing game set in the wild west of the kingdom of loathing universe. a fast and efficient compression algorithm. time course, parameter scan and bifurcation analysis of ode systems roca detection tool perl6 module for deferred error handling pml markup lanuage a desktop daemon which will automatically maximise and, optionally, un-decorate windows. multi-language application scripting it's pronounced like "io" perl 6 interface to gnu readline automated rest method dispatching slatec common mathematical library a tool for communicating with lego nxt brick over bluetooth geoip perl api this kcm allows you to easily configure the standard qt graphics system. app container server (blablacar fork) google noto emoji fonts (blob version) lua interface to qt library open source cross platform game where a girl, violet, struggles with hordes of monsters (clone of "crimsonland"). a fully free, highly customizable and very efficient shell wrapper for git and ssh, which imitates dropbox. flowcharts, process diagrams, org charts, uml, er and network diagrams a one-button real-time strategy game for up to 4 players configure wrapper for mingw (mingw-w64) weather app for your terminal. deadwood is maradns 2.0's recursive resolver ncurses-based hierarchical todo list manager with vim-like keybindings a computer forensics tool that scans a disk image, a file, or a directory of files and extracts useful information ros - rqt_robot_dashboard provides an infrastructure for building robot dashboard plugins in rqt. python wrapper around dosbox opl synth the smart to-do app for busy people. display bookmark tags as part of the tab title processor monitoring w/ turbo boost, temps, c-states, features, tasks scheduling soutane ttf typeface keyboard plug for switchboard gtk graphical user interface for vpnc an ordered set implementation in cython c class libraries for network-centric, portable applications, basic edition pdf support for zathura by using the poppler rendering library the mongodb gui a gtk utility for computing message digests or checksums ros - ros_tutorials contains packages that demonstrate various features of ros, as well as support packages which help demonstrate those features. interface modules for cactus (cadd group chemoinformatics tools and user services). gnu image manipulation program a tool for ssh server auditing. flask unittest integration documentation of libgomp (gnu implementation of the openmp) pugjs syntax template adapter for django, jinja2, mako and tornado templates - copy of pyjade with the name changed an easy-to-use integrated development environment (ide) for creating, building, debugging, and optimizing your application. from bin package distributed by nxp. emulator with builtin dos for running dos games (sdl2) asynchronous psycopg wrapper for tornado. real-time satellite tracking and orbit prediction application nvidia tesla drivers for linux-lts shrip is an application for ripping and encoding dvd into avi/ogm files cross-platform terminal emulator a full-featured gtk based trayicon ui for connman (git version) gnupg keys of the ubuntu archive an emulator of classic sega consoles, including sms/gg, genesis/megadrive and add-ons gnome keyring integration for encfs folders detects objects from picture(using opencv) ada library to handle gprbuild project files driver for allowing applications written against steamvr to work with hardware and software running with the osvr software framework. an implementation of the tcg tpm 2.0 specification by ibm perl module to deal with operation awaiting completion trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a free chess database farsi dictionary for aspell breeze hacked cursor theme. ocaml library for uri an all purpose java bytecode manipulation and analysis framework tiling script for kwin gnu internationalization library (mingw-w64) safe templates for lua read latest arch linux news rss from your cli a simple sound converter application for gnome ext4 implementation for fuse an ldap3 auth provider for synapse a cleaning script similar to 'debfoster', using the pacman build system. functional posterior plotter download news from remote nntp server. network security services for java (jss) is a java interface to nss opensource settlers 1 clone (requires original game file) a simple game networking library. the uberspatchboard is the ultimate fuelrats spatching aid. ros - controller for a differential drive mobile base. library for interacting with hacked st2205 and similar digital photo frames universal theme switcher and config generator for the i3 wm nrsc-5 (hd radio) receiver for rtl-sdr a cargo subcommand for displaying when rust dependencies are out of date simple c11 friendly header-only bindings to lua award-winning arcade game featuring rendered 3d graphics, realistic gravitational physics and 360 degree parallax scrolling from ort software. drop-in replacement for urxvt call converts pgm files to grayscale grob images, readable by hp calculators fortune cookies: la classe americaine quotes in french epson printer driver (px-046a) basic classes for handling information in pdf files. python serialization module (build for pypy from git) the database toolkit for ruby rename files in the vim buffer a tool to tidy down your html5 code to a clean style world maps for pygal floating ips - applies and creates ips and bps patches an opensource implementation of the openmax integration layer api - camera component a distributed email client for i2p gnome shell extension for totp add universal 2factory support, i.e. hw tokens to firefox dso module for apache that allows the definition and use of macros within apache runtime configuration files. open source flash swf decompiler and editor working with docker has never been so easy and convenient. opentype hand-written font whose letters are connected console version of the game "2048" for gnu/linux open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. routes unsubscribe from github emails via their list-unsubscribe header canon ij printer driver (for pixma e510 series) ros - this package attempts to show the features of ros step-by-step, including using messages, servers, parameters, etc. archlinux archive get package (git version) memory hacking library for dwarf fortress and a set of tools that use it a punchy, elegant icon theme in 12 awesome colors a vulnerability-exploit desktop finder. a voice chat application similar to teamspeak (32-bit overlay library) an ide primarily designed for c# and other .net languages - built from git sources. warning: building this package will require you to download >500 mb worth of data. translates dalvik bytecode to equivalent java bytecode an arch linux theme for xdm. monospace bitmap programming font aimed for fullhd displays a fast framework for deep learning built in c for speed with a python 3 interface a set of python 3.x bindings for the qt5 toolkit a fast, secure and complete pdf viewer ros - math toolkit for yujin open control system. lz4 bindings for python dbus service for joining hosts to active directory and freeipa realms a bidirectional wikitext parser and runtime openbox theme to integrate with the default adwaita gtk theme. pretty time of day class implementation. google play unofficial python api a graphical user interface (gui)for folding@home a virtual network service for openstack - metadata agent a set of utilities for visualization and conversion of scientific data in the free, portable hdf5 format emacs python development environment command line utility that attempts to find the "alternate path" for the provided path config::std - load and save configuration files in a standard format padre::plugin::perlcritic - analyze perl files with perl::critic medium interaction ssh honeypot designed to log brute force attacks and entire shell interaction easily control intel p-state driver (git version) tilain is a simple theme for the kde plasma ros - turtlesim is a tool made for teaching ros and ros packages. converter from osm data format to oom format an improved screenlocker based upon xcb and pam with better handling of image scaling and centering on multiple monitors. a dsp tonewheel organ emulator a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the avr architecture, with tinyos patches ros - stereo_msgs contains messages specific to stereo processing, such as disparity images. music player server with a web-based user interface inspired by amarok 1.4 library with the primary purpose of providing high performance client server reusable features multithreaded advanced password recovery utility ros - rosgraph contains the rosgraph command-line tool, which prints information about the ros computation graph. a bittorrent client written in c / qt4 using the good libtorrent library a tool that can be used to perform a rainbow table attack on password hashes. it is intended for indexed & perfected rainbow tables, mainly generated by the distributed project www.freerainbowtables.com plugin for avxsynth: decomb complete driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mx920 series lightweight fork of etherpad based on javascript trained language data for tesseract ocr engine puzzle game based on the original 1010! cross fpc for the mingw-w64 cross compiler curses audio visualizer modern graphical system monitor, avant window navigator applet a japanese male voice for the mbrola synthesizer lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j880dw printer this package provides video & pgraph firmwares for all nvidia chipsets that need them a highly extensible minimalistic dock panel configured in python 3 arcade game : match two similar fruits, and they will disappear, just clear your way and avoid being blocked library that generates assembly language code at run-time icecream gui monitor. binary version of legacy ghc (7.4). originally released on june 2012 the next generation of web-desktop communication phylogenetic estimation using (maximum) likelihood a modern and intuitive terminal-based text editor tremulous 1.2 beta - gameplay preview (gpp) a virtual network service for openstack - bigswitch agent educational symbolic logic software provided for free by ucla the open source cfd toolbox moto is a library to mock out the boto library. micro air vehicle ground control station. a fast and complete implementation of markdown in python 2 a fast multi-platform image stacking and blending software, developed primarily for star trail photography. a simple interface to the gnu readline and bsd editline libraries for pure a tool you can use to convert a debian package .deb to an arch linux package. opensubtitles.org client for download subtiltes buildbot plugin to integrate flask or bottle dashboards to buildbot ui user interface builder for gtk and gnome. the reference library for image cytometry standard, an open standard keepass plugin to check all entries with urls against the "have i been pwned?" and cloudbleed breach list just-in-time compiler and drop-in replacement for lua 5.1 proprietary vpn client for linux provide s-expressions for numpy, for python 2.7 game creation system ros - this metapackage depends on the smach library and ros smach integration packages. a hoe plugin for generating yard documentation binary diff and patch using the bsdiff4-format sweden sans is a sans serif typeface that can be used in both analogue and digital formats music management and playback for gnome google material design icon font flashpix opensource toolkit this script aggregates all new tv and movie releases for the past x days then writes to your web directory and sends out an email. a c web services client library add epg info from epg sources into vdr a dark red gtk theme. a purely functional package manager font compression reference code legacy d-bus client library for audacious pacemaker configuration shell - the original shell from suse tools to manage bibtex and pdfs via crossref searches kernel headers for the zettabyte file system. switchboard parental controls plug the linux kernel and modules with amdgpu dc patches python library with optical material properties. pony platforming project 4: a collection of pony games (not all are platforming games) a file verification and repair tool utility to download, print or export geocaching.com listings major mode for editing twiki wiki files for emacs, plus 'twikish' command line tool to retrieve and save twiki pages from text files. an integrative software platform used to obtain 3d models of macromolecular complexes using electron microscopy (3dem) the freebsd faq from the freebsd documentation project. a c library for dicom medical files switchboard locale plug log4j for perl userspace daemon that abstracts access to the kernel driver. provides a dbus service for applications to use. (git version) table-sqlite for using sqlite with opensmtpd a grid-based manual tiling window manager with a strong focus on easy but customizable look and feel can kernel modules (dkms) a graphical user interface toolkit for perl a javascript library for mobile-friendly interactive maps. modargs is a simple command line argument parsing library that infers arguments from functions in a module. lightweight, cross-platform file manager written in java perl interface to the md5 message-digest algorithm kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. add styles and colorschemes to i3wm search the web directly from gnome shell block pushing puzzle game on slippery surfaces. free your dinosaur friends from their ice prison. needs a libretro frontend to play. chez scheme is a compiler and run-time system for the language of the revised^6 report on scheme (r6rs), with numerous extensions. an interface to the sqlite 3.x embedded relational database engine with spatialite extensions. python wrapper for tshark, allowing python packet parsing using wireshark dissectors c library for reading and writing mp4/m4a/aac (itunes), id3, vorbis, opus, flac and matroska tags (api documentation) a minimal lightweight exception class kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-kpatch kernel a graphical frontend for su/sudo (x11) a arch linux splash screen for kde 4.x based on the default kde 4 splash screen ocaml bindings for libsamplerate the berkeley db embedded database system 6.2 firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - macedonian peer to peer search engine he comes. do nothing but print keep alive characters, can be used for login shell - git checkout an open-source 2d game engine which uses the versatile lua scripting language to create dynamic gaming experiences. ruby c bindings to the excellent yajl json stream-based parser library. a robust, reliable and easy to install gopher server kde4 kio slave for recoll a full text search tool based on xapian backend simple and tidy theme for lightdm's webkit2 greeter google android emulator logitech g9x led color control utility upnp device and service analyzer based on the coherence dlna/upnp framework nss module to have an additional passwd, shadow and group file a simple homepass implementation patched version of shadow that uses libpassphrase and can indicate the strenght of your new password ynglet is a game about swimming inside cubes that are floating around in the air. vpn client for proxy_sh. safejumper is a lightweight openvpn client specifically designed for the proxy.sh vpn network. libhdate is a small c,c library for hebrew calendar and dates, holidays, and reading sequence asynchronous python http for humans. get a bibtex entry from an arxiv id number urban brawl: action doom 2 iwad (game data) the linux-lts-selinux kernel and modules binary serialisation format inspired by yaml, messagepack and nvlists a lambda calculus interpreter messagepack serializing/deserializing voice recordings for freeswitch implementation of the markdown markup language in cpp (library) this is new fusion gui style, ported from qt 5 to qt 4. free and open source distributed realtime computation system c-native framework for unit-tests using only a header file binary data (firmwares) for cura rpatool is a simple tool allowing you to create, modify and extract ren'py (renpy) archive (.rpa/.rpi) files. currently, only writing to rpav2/rpav3 archives is supported. source service for the opensuse build service (obs) takes the text input from shp2pgsql and converts it to svg files standalone web browser from mozilla.org allows param links in sphinx function/method descriptions to be linkable a rss feed reader for the text console with special podcast support. free sparks scrapbook miniatures quake 2 based engine with glsl per pixel lighting effects and more custom version of postgresql 9.6 for 1c system driver for the brother mfc-j245 wifi multifuncional printer system tray application for weather status information simple power management tool gui frontend for system.util sums. c && qt framework. visual environment for creating simulation experiments an alternative 7-zip gui an utility library common to synapse and sydent web application framework written in smalltalk an open source sandbox game inspired by minecraft bugzilla cli interface manage fonctional aliases share files via http gkrellm plugin that monitors the signal quality of your wireless networking card low level virtual machine (3.9.x) common library for x-apps project a number of libraries and utilities that can be used to easily start cloudabi programs truetype font rendering library with infinality patches and custom settings by bohoomil passive sensor on a meteorological satellite relative spectral response android c/c developer kit (beta) nativescript cli pytest plugin to test server connections locally. an open source platform for agent-based models a columnar in-memory analytics layer for big data. eleet private messenger the installer for ros gnome shell aggregate system menu tor indicator version 2 of the pop gtk theme python simple soap library portable emulator and tools for pokémon-mini - common files and tools front-end to various audio converters a linux editor for the masses. collects system metrics from digitalocean droplets command line access to marytts (text to speech) software. a pkgbuild management suite ros - the class_loader package is a ros-independent package for loading plugins during runtime and the foundation of the higher level ros pluginlib library. android arm eabi v7a system image, api-14 next-generation distributed irc client - core only (minimal dependencies) single line menu secure boot hook for pacman object graph storage engine test your project's packaging friendliness fork of the c version of csstidy luakit: now updated for webkit 2 a breadth-first version of find. documentation/help when using fldigi w/out i-net access a python wrapper around the twitter api built-in pagination generator for jekyll compresses files in a way that tries to be as efficient as possible but still allows them to be decompressed in environments where cpu speed and ram are limited lightdm qt client library for determining categories of given scene directories or dirnames. segger jlink software & documentation pack for linux english version of the open source interpreter for the visual novel game scripting engine nscripter identify key feature points within arbitrary images a simple desktop diary. a debugger for the go programming language ground control for unmanned vehicles. serve static files with http::server::simple yet another wrapper script for pacman utility for testing fonts python2 mpd client library a telegram bot library, with simple route decorators. a web based application designed to make the generation of sequence logos as easy and painless as possible cleanse your system from old mbr codes and boot flags a command-line driven interactive function and data plotting utility with many output formats (incl. pdf). arch native runit package cmake documentation in qt help format gnu classpath javadoc implementation a python dict with a merge() method a list of commonly used namespaces firmware for broadcom b43 wireless networking chips for the linux-lts kernel a library for using, editing, and creating sfnt-based fonts process web components into one output file a simple dotfiles restore for develop on arch linux x64 privoxy rule to filter web advertisement. turn-based strategy game for controling of as many cities as possible old icons of the fvwm-project. an object-oriented nonlinear optimization library riffa: a reusable integration framework for fpga accelerators library for file management. patched to allow directory thumbnails. egl man pages a simple command line bookmarking plugin, for zim, prezto or oh-my-zsh the pygobject tutorial for gnome devhelp. genson is a powerful, user-friendly json schema generator. mount duplicity backup as virtual filesystem via fuse fuse-based file system with a postgresql storage backend device mapper userspace library and tools - git checkout a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files (psp) library for controlling stepper and other motors. it provides a simple c interface for controlling and configuring engine and controller. it uses a common virtual serial port driver embedded in all os. ros - this package contains messages for defining shapes, such as simple solid object primitives (cube, sphere, etc), planes, and meshes. compress responses in your flask app with gzip open source steam property routines in c a tool that translates latex equations to ascii/utf-8 text light-weight, secure and modular vpn solution cairo vector graphics library thai formal standard fonts from sipa a free and open source newspaper content management system based on drupal. fusiondirectory is a combination of system-administrator and end-user web interface, designed to handle ldap based setups. ha is an archiver which harri hirvola released in january 1993 as version 0.98. ppd file for kyocera ecosys p6035cdn a daemon that runs as a tcp server and allows to change max, min, current frequency and select governor for each or all cpus. ros - the pluginlib_tutorials package. the mission of the fife project is to create a cross platform game creation framework network-related gio modules for glib (mingw-w64) a python wrapper around ripe atlas api basque hyphenation rules an emule-like client for ed2k p2p network with dlp patch trained language data for tesseract ocr engine this is a concurrent (multithreaded) version of par2cmdline 0.4 alien::build::mm - alien::build installer code for extutils::makemaker files common for all scikits packages ros - rosping is the tool to send icmp echo_request to network hosts where roscore is running, and send back to you as rostopic message. web fonts compression reference code plugin for vapoursynth: kagefunc (git version) svnplot generates graphs similar to statsvn locks all x sessions upon suspend or hibernate with xscreensaver or a custom command. generates ctags for haskell, incorporating import lists and qualified imports gtk icon cache updater high performance message passing library (mpi) a web based application designed to make the generation of sequence logos as easy and painless as possible screened poisson surface reconstruction (and smoothed signed distance reconstruction) archlinux mkinitcpio hook for configuring early userspace networking library with common api for various cinnamon modules gpg-based, commandline get keepassx password a tool for executing php scripts with the permissions of their owners. the drupal command-line shell, git version. motivational splash screen for eclipse command line tools for dealing with the folia format (format for linguistic annotation). scan for lltd-enabled hosts on your network python library for working with correlated gaussian variables oracle java 6 runtime environment (32-bit) (public release - end of support) a reworked jack version of the reverb originally developed for aeolus. qemu gui written in qt (qt5 rewrite) open source identity and access management for modern applications and services adds jsonrpc support to flask. a ruby library to read, create and manipulate source maps a command line utility that displays the status of internet game servers console application for decoding morse code signals into text. a bit faster mercurial client for unix with per-user cmdserver daemon. nvidia libraries and utilities (346 series) simple package manager that invokes pacman directly control your monitor by software using the ddc/ci protocol. a tool to exploit the hash length extension attack in various hashing algorithms flashing utility for huawei e3372 and other modems baesd on balong v7 maya serie orange cursor theme ansible html documentation zip archive generator for streaming purposes quartus ii 13.0 sp1 subscription edition (with old max cplds and cyclone fpgas) amazon glacier command-line utility build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) program pro vedeni danove evidence (for czech tax records) android arm eabi v7a system image, api-20 ros - the control toolbox contains modules that are useful across all controllers. latex style that can be used to insert passages from a database. a pass-powered backend for python keyring lib adds support for geographic objects to postgresql and includes sfcgal support for experimental 3d functions placeholder package to replace pacman-mirrorlist console application implementing basic commands of imgur.com apiv3 openjdk java 8 documentation (with jetbrains patches) rackspace auth plugin for openstack clients. glassfish 4 - java ee 7 web profile edition dockapp to graphically display cpu and sys temperatures. jupyter kernel for pari userspace fault injection framework an integrated development environment for machine automation the vibes api allows one to easily display results (boxes, pavings) from interval methods. vibes consists in two parts: (1) the vibes application that features viewing, annotating and exporting figures, and (2) the vibes api that enables your progr [...] open software for the suunto ambit(2) highly dns-, dos- and abuse-aware loadbalancer git extension to conveniently test all distinct versions. development build of slic3r, a 3d printer toolpath generator seafile is an online file storage and collaboration tool universal media server: a dlna-compliant upnp media server. build based on java 7. a gothic textura font, simplified and optimized to work well on screen and pixel displays. port of the faenza icon theme for crunchbang waldorf. hdr, get tiff from several shots without noise and a lot of dynamic range a terminal-based visual snes sound file (spc) player and optimisation tool maim (make image) makes an image out of the given area on the given x screen. defaults to the whole screen. sdl2 wrapper for c11 the aerospike c client provides a c interface for interacting with the aerospike database. wraps the nanomsg networking library using ruby ffi (foreign function interface). ros - the smach_ros package contains extensions for the smach library to integrate it tightly with ros. a sexy command line interface musicbox for netease based on python a transport and architecture agnostic rpc (de)serialization library that focuses on making small, rpc-oriented messaging work interactive text-mode process viewer. patched for vim keybindings a tool that extends the css syntax with powerful features such as variables and nested blocks modular selinux reference policy including headers and docs hurtle towards the sunset at breakneck speed in a futile race against time. ros - control_msgs contains base messages and actions useful for controlling robots. ieee 802.11 ap, ieee 802.1x/wpa/wpa2/eap/radius authenticator take screenshot with scrot and upload it to pomf.cat,pomf.se or any other pomf clone. archive and sync content you want to see twice webgui for highpoint rocketraid 2xxx/3xxx/4xxx raid controllers nvidia's opencl implemention for 'lib32-nvidia-utils-vulkan-developer-beta' a collection of scripts to help merge changes in .pacnew files. fte quakeworld. engine for quake 1,2,3 and hexen 2 (svn-latest) a zoomable image viewer for large collections of images generator of lexical analyzers in c and c. unicode supported. tool to add meta-data to png files convert text to postscript (dan judd 1989) systemd service for reload asus notebooks wmi hotkey driver after resume for restoring light on wlan led livesuit is a tool to flash images to the nand of allwinner devices, such as cubieboard1, cubieboard2, and cubietruck. this package use the zip that comes from official cubieboard download page. scala ide for eclipse automated deployment of dotfiles to local or remote locations an arch linux theme for gdm, also with the face browser version italian language pack for firefox beta facets-bread collection of hash-like classes. displays a full screen binary clock in your terminal. library and tools to access the extensible storage engine (ese) database file (edb) format. backward-compatible extension of famitracker that includes various bug fixes and new features. hides the volume controls from the aggregate menu. the volume can still be adjusted via hardware keys a high-performance 2d rigid body physics library (mingw-w64) (x11) vga font with unicode glyphs by dmitry yu. bolkhovityanov a ds capture software debhelper scripts for python 3: py3versions, python3.pm ready-to-use twitter-bootstrap for use in flask. league of legends: install/run wrapper nano editor syntax highlighting enhancements none a utility for programming at91sam7 series microcontrollers over usb javascript to coffeescript google noto ttf fonts file-synchronization tool (legacy 2.32 version). compatible with parallel installation to other versions of unison binaries (but pay attention to the local user configurations!) system status reporting a dockapp that monitors your hard-drives gelemental is a periodic table viewer that provides detailed information on the chemical elements go-style concurrency in c a cross-platform data exchange language and a multi-paradigm dynamic programming language file splitter & merger which supports lots of formats a dock app that helps you keep track of time worked on projects trace the activities of an external application component that allows to quickly write uml diagrams, with pdf support. midna grub-theme. net::rendezvous::publish - publish rendezvous services create ctags/etags for a cargo project and all of its dependencies c# bindings for gtk 3, built from sources. emoji picker based on icons by emojione iterate over collections python non-cryptographic hash library provides all lpr drivers for models dcp-7010 dcp-7020 dcp-7025 dcp-8060 dcp-8065dn fax-2820 fax-2920 hl-2030 hl-2040 hl-2070n hl-5240 hl-5250dn hl-5270dn hl-5280dw mfc-7220 mfc-7225n mfc-7420 mfc-7820n mfc-8460n mfc-8660dn mfc-8860dn mfc-8870dw vim plugin to trace syntax highlight library for querying the duckduckgo api generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - smesh module gedit syntax highlighting for coffeescript files a modular digital audio workstation system - git version. cmake commands to actually use the latex compiler autobahntestsuite - websocket/wamp protocol implementation test suite. manage baremetal servers from command line library for picotech oscilloscope 4000 series (4223, 4224, 4226, 4227, 4262, 4423, 4424) thunar integration for insync x11 extention protocol library for the vnc extension printer only driver for the toshiba e-studio 255/305/355/455 printers spell checking support for norwegian phpunit is a programmer-oriented testing framework for php. this is the old stable version graphical user interface to create snaps using snapcraft as the backend universal charset detector c/c api interface to perl's parser variables canon ij printer driver (common package) x86_64 text faces based on early greek editions full toolchain to compile for cloudabi. pacman update notifier nonlinear optimization library read/rewrite/write python asts a simple, uniform password-checking interface to all root applications xrandr wrapper for quick and carefree setup of multiple screens complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mx350 ocaml api to lastfm radio and audioscrobbler openconnect vpn server a script font based on the hand of a famous eleventh-century scribe. language and environment for statistical computing and graphics - deprecated version (2.15.3) clojure to js compiler, git version retrieves information from a subversion repository (tables, charts) utilities for monitoring your system and its processes a featureful word recite tool by tualatrix peer-to-peer network based digital currency (daemon) ros - common service definitions. ocaml multimedia library the opengl extension wrangler library generate random strings in python sync files to and from google drive, s3, swift, cloudfiles, dropbox and google cloud storage useful addons for the reduce computer algebra system gui for a kit of 222 network tools. a tool to write command-line interfaces for python applications русский словарь для rhvoice tab window manager for the x window system official timezone database for python. a free crossassembler, that can produce code for the 6502, 6510, 65c02 and 65816 processors an easy to use gtk frontend for the rsync backup client and server. a command line tool to help build, run, and test web extensions raditcast es un proyecto de software libre para realizar streaming en radit. czech voices for the first czech cd-rom-based 2d point-and-click adventure game lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp7055 nvm-express user space tooling for linux low-level interface to bzip2 code editor component for pyqt and pyside use a minecraft server to generate a square of land. add native drag'n'drop capabilities to tk hdrmerge fuses two or more raw images into a single raw with an extended dynamic range. recursive file compare tool txt reader which makes you reading twice as fast as usual a virtual network service for openstack - ryu plugin agent a cli and api client library for vultr.com cloud environment an open source graphical editor for business process diagrams, compliant with omg specifications (bpmn 2.0). morituri logger meant for what.cd submissions numerical solution of pdes on unstructured meshes icon theme from suse 11.3 (tecnically from factory), based on the default gnome 3.0.0 icon theme. collection of images and icons for the nagios system dafs: simultaneous aligning and folding of rna sequences by dual decomposition a lightweighted multimedia player designed for xfce based on xine a fully event-driven irc client module linadblock ad blocker uses hosts library provides methods to do color computation in hsl color space and for finding harmonious color palettes standalone mail/news reader - bleeding edge binary version fluent assertions for java ros - robot_model contains packages for modeling various aspects of robot information, specified in the xml robot description format (urdf). get a public suffix for a domain name using the public suffix list. a free socks proxy server for linux, macos and freebsd igbinary is a drop in replacement for the standard php serializer. a python wrapper library for gnupg ros - interprocess mechanisms vary greatly across platforms - sysv, posix, win32, there are more than a few. plugin for vapoursynth: vstaambk (git version) meteo es un proyecto de software libre que recopila datos meteorológicos para radit. ros - placeholder package enabling generic export of media paths. creates virtual ethernet networks of almost unlimited size. controller node version ros - turtle_actionlib demonstrates how to write an action server and client with the turtlesim. a dhcp client simulation on linux soundpack for teamspeak 3 from the rc1 release. features a british female voice. bug reporter for the* apps a "ruins exploration archaeological action game" in which the player seeks the "anthropo-origin" randr-based backlight control application, with brightness represented as an integer. parse::win32registry is a module for parsing windows registry files, allowing you to read the keys and values of a registry file without going through the windows api. a customizable web feed aggregator for your browser. image viewer and browser based on gthumb. x-apps project. jubula plugins for eclipse ide to create functional gui tests (gerrit version) base class for parsing regexes this is a ctypes based python wrapper for snap7. systemd generator to generate timers/services from crontab and anacrontab files administration tool for ip sets python software for usb wireless weatherstations sound control daemon for phonepi project a computer algebra system designed specifically for the solution of problems encountered in field theory. desktop post-it / sticky notes managed from system tray icon ros - nodelet core metapackage. stream porn movies from torrents. skip the downloads. launch, click, watch. fuse filesystem over adb tool for android devices full-stack web application framework. the new multipurpose rss reader, live stream, mashup, aggregation web application a simple cli tool to get movie streaming link. statistical charts about pacman activity gui for snapper, a tool of managing snapshots of btrfs subvolumes and lvm volumes a module to manage pid files arch linux only theme based on pinux's tux cursors bitcoin abc with bitcoind, bitcoin-tx, and bitcoin-cli manage your tabs in the sidebar tools for creating meta objects to track custom metrics. a little doom 1 & 2 renderer written in rust. fast, concurrent, safe. the rust programming language and its package manager, cargo. sasc-ng linux3 patch - dkms package orfeo toolbox (otb) is an open source library of image processing algorithms beautiful desktop client for facebook messenger. git version. configreader::simple - simple configuration file parser c implementation of ntruencrypt a slender monospace typeface. shape: default. mcmc sample analysis, kernel densities, plotting, and gui open source flash program for the stm32 arm processors using the st serial bootloader over uart or i2c a small, fast, portable implementation of tls/ssl for embedded devices to the cloud. (formerly cyassl) a slender monospace typeface. shape: monaco. a set of tools for creating or playing pxtone files and other pxtone-related formats. prometheus exporter for postrgresql a set of utilities for constructing finite-state automata and transducers patched xdg-utils with xdg-open magnet fix a fortune file constructed from the quotes at the start of every chapter in dune: the butlerian jihad. implementation of a snapshotting service for zfs search for broken exec in *.desktop a modified version of inconsolata with added cyrillic alphabet distributed evolutionary algorithms in python (git-version) a simple file indexer and full text search using xapian cycle-accurate nintendo 64 emulator a webkit web browser with vi-like keyboard shortcuts load config files of various types a library implementing the 'semver' scheme. library that generates loops for scanning polyhedra a mqtt client written in java based on eclipse paho userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat kiro devices che schifo la figa, meglio linux! an ocaml module for functional reactive programming ros - linefollower_msgs provides messages for linefollower plugin in stage a tool to read the contents of smartcards hides the brightness slider from the aggregate menu fast aggregation of large data (e.g. 100gb in ram), fast ordered joins, fast add/modify/delete of columns by group using no copies at all, list columns and a fast file reader (fread). offers a natural and flexible syntax, for faster development. it's always sunny in philadelphia fortune cookie file send fec mp3 streams sauce code powerline a cat that chases around your cursor gpg keys used by various linux distributions to sign packages compress response dvd authoring maker in linux environnement ros - the robot pose ekf package is used to estimate the 3d pose of a robot, based on (partial) pose measurements coming from different sources. a high-quality data compression program (mingw-w64) little library written in c for the osu game a code editor built using web technologies this is a pure python2 otr implementation; it does not bind to libotr. python based u2f server library apertium language data for the norwegian nynorsk-norwegian bokmål translator. dc/os command line interface the open-source project behind google chrome (dev channel) ocaml bindings for llvm cumulus is a free and open source flight computer for linux convert html to wikkawiki markup bootstrapping tool for react native virtual smart card emulates a smart card and makes it accessible through pc/sc ros - this package contains a tool to convert unified robot description format (urdf) documents into collaborative design activity (collada) documents. libraries for building reactive services in perl6 - http part jack audio plug-ins for musicians (legacy ladspardf version) a map editor for pokémon gba roms upload image to imgur.com image sharing service. finnish spellchecker, grammar checker and hyphenator extension for libreoffice scala sources file templates and code skeletons/snippets cmu sphinx g2p model for russian plugable irc client library based on asyncio (git version) working python2 rrdtool binding t50 (f.k.a. f22 raptor) is a tool designed to perform 'stress testing' the official ruby library for influxdb stereogl provides a uniform interface for stereo 3d displays under opengl. open source spin interpreter for the parallax propeller toolkit for swagger in golang (go-swagger) console display manager based on cdm stratis-cli is a tool that provides a command-line interface (cli) for interacting with the stratis daemon, stratisd. fedora 12 (constantine) backgrounds. tool to print different useragents. useful for curl or wget. library providing functions to parse and print rss 2.0 files now typeface by alfredo marco pradil (opentype) a customized xdm for xfreq libpurple protocol plugin for matrix. environment for grasp analysis and planning. a scoring system to identify peptides out of tandem mass spectrometry data using a database of known proteins a new version comparison tool for distutils a backup program using dvds a general purpose tool for biological sequence comparison init system/service manager built around s6 supervision suite [musl] an advanced molecular editor based on qt viewer for kinect one (kinect v2) in ros. with oculus sdk support patches. gwenrename is a renaming tool. it was created as an external tool for gwenview, but it can be used from dolphin, konqueror with service menu or as command line parameters. the purpose of this software is to convert aax files to a more common mp3 format through a basic bash script frontend to ffmpeg. yugioh template for magic set editor. a general purpose finite element library on top of netgen. a collection of routines used to create png format graphics files (x32 abi) an audio library based on libsndfile, cffi and numpy a collection of lpeg patterns for lua 5.2 voice recordings for freeswitch an italian female voice for the mbrola synthesizer invoke callbacks on construction of entersub ops for certain cvs openfabrics alliance intel performance scaled messaging library the secure argon2 password hashing algorithm. infinality-bundle-fonts extended collection meta package kubernetes.io client binary soletta project is a framework for making iot devices. amd/ati drivers for firepro/gl/mv brand cards. catalyst-dkms  catalyst-utils  lib32-catalyst-utils  experimental powerxpress suppport. a static source code analysis tool to improve quality and reduce defects for c, c and objective-c sound package en_us-heather-16k from svxlink in high quality a markdown editor. ros - the control toolbox contains modules that are useful across all controllers. praise users make thunderbird look and behave like vim lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-9142cdn kde volume control program. kmix. kde's full featured mini mixer creates and manipulates ecc nistp256 keypairs cloudcontrol command line interface u-boot for a20 olinuxino micro primusrun with vblank_mode=0 parameter (vsync disabled, higher framerate, no mouse lag). documentation for bullet rsync gui with integrated scheduler manjaro grub-theme, based on journey theme. makes anaglyph from 2 layers cups driver for brother mfc-7840w printer lightweight pdf and xps viewer with opengl backend improve genre metadata of audio files based on tags from various music sites. a vim plugin for syntax highlighting ansible's common filetypes qt frontend for various command line tools such as ffmpeg or mencoder strife port accurately reproducing the original dos exes. an online arcade gaming platform for netplay based on ggpo lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp195c apache kafka c driver library synchronization client for cern's cernbox cloud service (based on owncloud). note: cern it does not provide official support for arch linux. use at your own risk. the new generation of sid emulation none automated interface to the wikipedia various settings and changes for the panel in zorin desktop. library for the for the frc roborio python2 bindings to the webkit gtk port leancloud command line tool fix unrecognized, ugly or double icons in linux. an xml and python-driven rebirth of the aif (arch installation framework) project. map tile cutter - tile overlay generator for google maps and google earth black and gray gtk theme collection (gtk 3.20) a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator, with osvr cross-hmd support folly is an open-source c library developed and used at facebook wrapper for gpg-agent integration virtual filesystem implementation for gio, nosystemd version (gphoto2 backend; ptp camera, mtp media player) converts info documentation pages to man pages the free and open source and cross platform screen sharing software. program developed by nion co. for interfacing with electron microscopes and for data analysis. a swiss-army knife for multimedia streaming, notably used for netradios and webtvs highly configurable client/server tlsv1.2 library display a file (or stdin) to a transparent window python code completion library a library and suite of tools for inspecting disk usage. a restructuredtext syntax highlighting mode for vim google2srt allows you to convert subtitles from google video and youtube to subrip (.srt) format. a tool to read/write/update android boot images incremental merge for git extracts the top level domain (tld) from the url given a unix cd ripper aiming for accuracy over speed -- forked from morituri driver for ez100pu/ezmini smart card readers. smartnonus compatible. tool for building bazel targets when source files change. port of the default kde widget theme (oxygen) to gtk3 a simple macro recording/playback app for g15daemon. canon ij printer driver (common package) streaming torrent client for node.js with web ui user dock theme for the lightdm webkit greeter an open-source zelda-like 2d game engine used by the games zsxd and zsdx. a collection of lints to catch common mistakes and improve your rust code a kernel module for realtek 8152 network adapters cross-platform c/c configuration system (git version, uses python2) tomate plugin that shows screen notifications slop (select operation) is an application that queries for a selection from the user and prints the region to stdout. cairo vector graphics library (mingw-w64 bootstrap) reference implementation for sctp in user space. a billing system for small home and office networks elementary cmake modules virtual keyboard-like emoji picker for linux a powerfull tool to check tss signing status of various [apple] devices and firmwares a bare-bones dancer port for perl6 ros - conversion functions between: - eigen and kdl - eigen and geometry_msgs. configuration utility for razer devices on linux systems. front-end (gui) for mednafen emulator (gtk2 version) python based u2f validation server corsair keyboard and mouse input driver, git newdev branch gstreamer multimedia framework base plugins (gst-plugins-base) fast ruby profiler a flat theme with transparent elements for gtk 3, gtk 2 and gnome-shell android google apis, api-18 access passwords stored in keepass using the http plugin an open source nagios like tool, redesigned and rewritten from scratch. its main goal is to meet today's system monitoring requirements while still following compatibility to nagios nfc monitor daemon which is able to launch modules (libraries) on action (tag inserted or removed) firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - bengali (bangladesh) a 2d cad drawing tool based on the community edition of qcad. a mathematical program with many features and paper-like interface, similar to mathcad the library of assorted spiffy things. systemd service to gracefully close deluge before shutdown/restart, avoiding a lock. a dark, smooth xfce theme, introduced in the release of xubuntu 9.10 ros - image_geometry contains c and python libraries for interpreting images geometrically. an unicode enabled rxvt-clone terminal emulator (urxvt) w/ better wheel scrolling (vte-like) (& no utmp/wtmp support) google's distributed code jam testing tool vim plugin: skeleton for newly created buffers light, concurrent rpc framework acoustic model information for use with julius voice recognition software parallel execution package. see also package mpi, maintained by carlo de falco. イワシがいっぱいだあ…ちょっとだけもらっていこうかな convert pdf to html without losing format. text is preserved as much as possible. a python implementation of the voevent transport protocol for transient celestial events package provides binary-, redblack- and avl-trees in python and cython. the first true cross-platform sandbox mmo -- launcher client a collection of tools for accessing and working with mtime (modification time) and other stat properties adminer skins a user space file defragger perl extension to the x on screen display library (xosd) xdg compliant system tray and root menu generator plugin for using epson scanners with image scan v3 over network meet rosangela blackwell, an embittered writer who just found out that she is a medium and that it’s her mission. library for encoding qr codes liquidsky lets you instantly own and stream a powerful gaming computer to any device! pacman hook to restart docker simple ctypes bindings for fuse identify japanese characters from images or screen a secure, production-quality and standard-conformant ftp server, focused on efficiency and ease of use. comps xml file manipulation library qt 5 addon providing access to numerous types of archives module for the fog gem to support xenserver. a system utility package for torch. xadrian is a factory complex calculator for the games x³: terran conflict and x³: albion prelude. with this tool you can plan your factory complexes before you build them in-game. probabilistic risk analysis tool 3d visualization program for structural models, volumetric data such as electron/nuclear densities, and crystal morphologies. a tool for nouveau debugging emacs extension that provides an interactive interface for mercurial hg screenshot tool inspired by windows snipping tool and made with qt for linux collects playback statistics for your music allegro wrapper for freetype2 enabling the use of various font formats compare xml in perl tests an open source bitrix24 messenger client postgresql code indenter a c console application for 3d printing gcode generation. no libarcus or protobuf needed for that version, and it could be only used as command-line tool. 336 pixel perfect, all-purpose vector icons in a web-font kit vim syntax for i3 window manager config x.org evdev input driver with debouncedelay setting, it can save your mouse's broken left button from double clicking hell. small x11 menu intended to be used with openbox and tint2 varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko xml::dumper - perl module for dumping perl objects from/to xml a cli visualizer for mpd mac os x lion cursor theme by mb0ss sparse multidimensional arrays on top of numpy and scipy switchboard sharing plug kontact plugin interface library a standalone client for image boards that supports gelbooru v0.2, danbooru (v1 & v2), moebooru, and booru.org sites. standalone web browser from mozilla.org, nightly build, german a lexical analysis module for python. window maker applet which info from http://weather.noaa.gov and displays it a highly entertaining puzzle platformer (humble bundle copy required) crossbar.io - the unified application router complete front-end for mplayer/mpv (qt4) a ‘revival’ of goudy oldstyle and italic. fast syntax highlighting for selected languages. a graphical front end for udisks and mount (compiled for gtk2) a python-based hardware description language kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. cache the output of entire pages portable command line archive file manager (python3) tiny zfs web interface written in angularjs and flask restful comic updater, mangafied the new and refreshed manga downloader based on lmd. git version a safe webkit web browser a sega genesis/cd/32x emulator metapackage to install python-novaclient and rackspace extensions a tool for synthesis of petri nets and asynchronous circuits design for the color impaired, a color blindness simulator khronos reference front-end for glsl and essl, git version chat program that sends all traffic over tor a free php photo album. it is small, easy to install and highly customizable at the same time. features include slide shows, image comments, support for video and pdf files and many more. unit testing without external dependencies brocade fibre channel hba firmware python wrapper for postgresql 9.2 foreign data wrapper a simple, fast, cross-platform, and object-oriented multimedia api snmp module for php a simple module for your configuration file needs light eye-candy fully themable animated dock simple program for screenshot making with window select area and saving his in many formats :) keeps track of every kernel module ever used - useful for those of us who make localmodconfig :) open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. utilities and gtk frontend for osc2midi optimized c library for ec operations on curve secp256k1 soccer for hackers - a cli for all the football scores. applet that shows now playing music minitest provides a complete suite of testing facilities supporting tdd, bdd, mocking, and benchmarking a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the mips architecture tool for converting dsf to flac files. safe templates for lua web debugging proxy application a xargs-like audio player. spam filter that supports japanese the octave-forge image aquisition package provides functions to capture images from connected devices. currently only v4l2 is supported. a visual instrument and realtime video sampler for gnu/linux (client) a 2d game about building and maintaining factories. a solver for delay differential equations written in python and c. ros - base dependencies and support libraries for ros. a webfrontend for managing entries stored in an ldap directory pipe-oriented frontend to gnuplot modify brightness of displays attached to a gmux. a creative tool that allows you to layout your photos or pictures in a personal way a set of programs for manipulating and analyzing unicode text contemporary icons build tools for working with chromium development, include gclient open-xchange simplistic port-like solution for developers a sensible way to handle form based user interface decentralised, minimalist microblogging service for hackers. a commandline program for managing encrypted password databases a digital version of frederic goudy’s font deepdene. perl interpreter-based threads jetty is a pure java-based http server and java servlet container do nothing but print keep alive characters, can be used for login shell arm toolchain for gp32, nintendo (3)ds and gba homebrew development (precompiled) monero cpu miner complete, fast and testable actions for rack. ros - a libfreenect-based ros driver for the microsoft kinect. afrikaans language pack for firefox beta randomized axelerated maximum likelihood the robocup 2d soccer simulator monitor. a complete rewrite of the nasm assembler under the bsd license django-rest-auth provides a set of rest api endpoints for authentication and registration delay the processing a c/c multi-platform library for dynamically generating excel(tm) files open source irc server (hardened) notify-send replacement with dunst-specific extensions rainbows and unicorns (without ruby! jay!) tagging and annotation framework for scan data tool and python module to play with geographical and travel data, and some non-geographical data too. a tool for generating text-scanning programs (x32 abi) generates jobs on a jenkins server according to specifications gtk3 timezone map widget companion application for video downloadhelper browser add-on graphical engine tuning and analysis software for megasquirt ecus trajectory analyzer and visualizer drone cli cpan/x11::protocol::enhanced -- extensions to x11::protocol varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko gdigi provides digitech x-edit functionality to linux users arch user repository api interface for python none android sdk platform, api-22 a bittorrent client written with python and pygtk - git stable branch version ros - image_pipeline fills the gap between getting raw images from a camera driver and higher-level vision processing. serbian dictionary for aspell imagej distribution with a lot of plugins for scientific (especially biology related) image processing. kodi's iptv simple client addon. folder synchronization and backup tool for kde documentation for the ruby programming language plugin for running selenium with py.test. sophisticated text editor for code, markup and prose - dev build with input method support for cjk users unicode last resort fallback font. a turn-based strategy game based on colonization, git version build against java8 a fast-paced multiplayer pixel art shooter game. quake ii - mission pack 1 ('the reckoning') for yamagi-quake2 a psp emulator written in c lightweight c library that facilitate to create simple http servers latex style for brazilian computer society conference papers major mode for less css (lesscss.org), with support for compile-on-save. self contained browser  download client for emusic based on mozilla's xulrunner. an easier, less powerful alternative to regular expressions manage your email, contacts and schedule test for valid yaml soundcloud integration for nuvola player. wrapper to the common methods at opensubtitles.org a dark flat theme. for gnome 3.16,openbox, xfwm4, xfdashboard, gnome-shell, cinnamon, mate, firefox, & chromium wordnet dictionary for stardict render large resolution images of a minecraft map with a google maps powered interface generator of lexical analyzers in c and c. unicode supported. tool for benchmarking and classifying flash memory drives reimpementation of the ancient cgvg perl scripts bwk awk modified for biological data package provides backports of new features in python's weakref module under the backports namespace flexible explicit run-time type checking of function arguments xml library (for nintendo 3ds homebrew development) deliver stunning wallpapers directly from flickr and webshots. desktop-independent patched version dark arch linux theme for the lxqt desktop oxygen and oxygen mono fonts from the google fonts catalog none a little word cloud generator in python 2 the gnome extension that provides the new ubuntu dock isam is an optimization library for sparse nonlinear problems as encountered in simultaneous localization and mapping (slam) proxy-auto-discovery for command line applications a swedish dvorak keyboard layout a gnutella server/client convert sparse android data image to filesystem image ecmwf gui client for ecflow zsh anything.el-like widget rendering intelligence very easily quick and simple tray icon menu for changing the monitor layout. use snapper snapshots to backup to external drive weave your pod together from configuration and dist::zilla an application to rename movie files. toolkit for building grids change the wheel behaviour of logitech's mx-revolution mouse. generate and disperse/dispell passwords document viewer for files like pdf and postscript. x-apps project (git version). uuid generator io::socket::multicast - object interface to socket communications for perl gtk im module for fcitx5 and glib based dbus client library oslo versioned objects library ros - this package attempts to show the features of ros python api step-by-step, including using messages, servers, parameters, etc. discrete event simulator targeted at networking research a minimalist puzzle game about bonding chemical elements ros - roscpp_serialization contains the code for serialization as described in messagesserializationandadaptingtypes. versatile object-oriented toolkit for coarse-graining applications (votca) is a package intended to reduce the amount of routine work when doing systematic coarse-graining of various systems. cooperative gamma tools run a program as root with the most environment appropriate available graphical authentication agent a karaoke and text codec for embedding in ogg (mingw-w64) a (non-interactive) scripting language, like sh; without import or define full cjk and latin-1 ttf font combining sazanami-mincho and hanazono glyphs ros - velocity_controllers. a plugin offering a full integration of the valgrind suite to kdevelop. (git version) a collection of open source and enhanced linux ram drive and caching modules ros - rosservice contains the rosservice command-line tool for listing and querying ros services. a game of numerical sledding. it will make you see math the way mathematicians see it: a creative process of exploration and discovery. math is the ultimate puzzle, and sinerider is the ultimate math puzzle game. complete solution to record, convert and stream audio and video (git version) a simple indicator for the weather build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) comprehensive black-board bold fonts front-end for openmsx: the msx emulator that aims for perfection. scikit sparse matrix package free and open source driver for the steam controller pam module for google authenticator app standalone version of the mconf tool from the linux kernel advanced doom source port setuid helper for making bind mounts and chrooting library for geometric computing extending matgeom functions. useful to create, transform, manipulate and display geometric primitives. api documentation in your terminal monokai theme for konsole openss7 fast-streams and protocol suites (java) 5 man syzygy tablebase. monospace fonts from the go font family a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator, v5.0-321 for super smash bros netplay it is an opensource password safe which helps you to manage your passwords in an easy and secure way gnucash documentation package - git version ipython subapp that supports adding arbitrary notebooks from the command line a (fast) multi-threaded python tool for enumerating subdomains cgal bindings using swig jack output plugin for the deadbeef music player. an analytical decompiler for java a non-linear video editor for linux using the mlt video framework. kf5 frameworks (latest applications git version) a docker container manager for the terminal cgi and fcgi sapi for php music streaming server with flac support, based on electron pyanidb is a client for anidb's udp api. yet another ini parser a completely clean-room implementation of minecraft beta 1.7.3 (circa september 2011). the plugin system used by dexy. nginx module that brings shell-style goodiesto nginx config file generate human-readable, random object names. (python3 version) ros - any tools relating to mathematical geometry. a static site generator written in python w/ rest/markdown support. epson printer driver (ep-705a) the open source cfd toolbox (esi-opencfd version) docear is an academic literature suite for searching, organizing and creating academic literature, built upon the mind mapping software freeplane and the reference manager jabref. a little word cloud generator in python bus1 out-of-tree kernel module sbl hebrew biblical font. libiec61850 provides a server and client library for iec 61850 pam module to provide $xdg_runtime_dir a nintendo gameboy advance emulator a powerful mud client written for gtk and support for perl. sega dreamcast emulator (development version) header files and scripts for building modules for linux-ec2 kernel amd/ati drivers. catalyst drivers libraries symlinks (32-bit) a complete reference for the features in the c standard library. html book. tempesta seven font pack. a sans-serif style high quality cjk outline font.fix incorrect advancewidths in hmtx for composite glyphs, which had caused korean hangul glyphs to stack on top of each other. command line utility to store/restore alsa and/or jack connections to/from an xml file. a multiplatform password manager. beta version fuzzy select anything. software-defined networking for linux containers a lightweight file manager header files and scripts for building modules for linux-lts-tomoyo kernel corsair keyboard and mouse input driver, git newfw branch simple ruby version manager ordered multivalue dictionary that retains method parity with dict. count lines of code, svn version dockerfile linter written in haskell simple yet useful trash dockapp worldwide holidays and working days helper and toolkit none qt wrapper for bluez 5 dbus api a tool to generate python bindings for c/c code text mode diagrams using utf-8 characters and fancy colors xerox workcentre 7220/7225 printer driver for cups a string search utility the gnu compiler collection for multilib (4.6.x) broadcom bluetooth firmware for bcm20702a1 based devices. solaris porting layer kernel modules. a c unit testing framework (mingw-w64) mission planner for inav and msp a free, easy to use cyclic redundancy check (crc) calculator and c source code generator mesh generation component of fenics various extensions to the unittest module gnu mcu eclipse plug-in a simple cpu governor and monitor for unix systems written in python and qt fresh and simple personality icon theme model airplane flight simulation program. latest tencent tim (com.qq.office) on deepin wine for archlinux plugin for vapoursynth: vaguedenoiser (git version) create, format and mount loopback-based, encrypted luks containers the readable passphrase generator generates passphrases which are (mostly) grammatically correct but nonsensical. these are easy to remember (for humans) but difficult to guess (for humans and computers). a simple clipboard-monitor intended as a data source in shell pipelines ros - a python gui plugin for introspecting available ros message types. parse and emit toml google cloud print driver for cups, allows printing to printers hosted on google cloud print. openttd is an open source simulation game based upon the popular microprose game "transport tycoon deluxe". this package lets you have installed more versions simultaneously (simply change pkgver). opensource implementation of dvb-t encoder/decoder according to etsi 300 744 using gnuradio wayland c bindings ananicy - is another auto nice daemon, with community rules support icon theme that follows the tango visual guidelines manage uefi only (secure) boot configurations for linux efistub kernels a very simple and versatile packet generator and measurer which to test qdisc classes. the meta build framework simple .ini-file format ultimate control is a set of software tools that allow you to take control of your computer wirelessly. native addon build tool for nwjs-bin a lightweight display manager yet another build system stack-based language written in ansi c a fork of i3wm tiling window manager with more features, including gaps a language that compiles to bash and windows batch hybris - android headers from aosp a forensics tool to examine thumbs.db files python rsync wrapper for backup emacs extension that lets you find files recursively in a directory system v release 4.0 curses emulation library (arm-linux-gnueabihf) simplified c implementation of i2p client desktop applications autostarter telnet client and server with tls support (debian netkit version) java gui for master password set of enumerators of multiple types of polyominoes (snake, tree, etc.) an intuitive outliner for personal knowledge and task management. nvidia drivers libraries symlinks (32-bit) efficient, immutable, thread-safe collection classes for ruby python wrapper for the github api compiler for the language general-purpose fonts released by google as part of android. includes additional monospaced variants with dotted and slashed zeros. a free library for decoding atsc a/52 streams the git commit message and changelog generation framework advanced dynamic window manager for x danmaku download and convert tool. the pantheon session handler changes the current ruby. aerodynamic and flight-dynamic analysis of rigid aircraft using an extended vortex lattice model a web-interface to the sqlgrey greylister for postfix. translates gp scripts to pari programs useful tools for the lenovo thinkpad helix post-processing scripts to communicate with media managers. adminer skins finnish language pack for firefox beta the strife shareware iwad (game data) open overlay router (formerly lispmob) - locator/id separation protocol (lisp) and lisp mobile node implementation a gateway for sending logs from systemd's journald over an http connection to a graylog server in gelf format. mkspec for use with clazy 'softmac' firmware for the 3com 3crwe154g72 wireless chipset (and others) a better syntax for sgml python integrated development application a distributed, highly available, datacenter-aware scheduler command line client for tldr, a collection of simplified and community-driven man pages. limit network access of bind-compatible programs to the local cjdns network python bindings for tidy html parser/cleaner. a plugin for dolphin to show the seafile synchronization status netkeeper for linux desktop. libqmlbind is a c library for creating qml bindings. apertium language data for the spanish-galician translator. march default system config (git version) network caller id initmodem module. checks for changes in your grades at the fh aachen a collection of color schemes for geany. a 3d collision detection and rigid body dynamics library for games and animation a czech male voice for the mbrola synthesizer a mips32 simulator (svn version) a servo control program for the raspberry pi restful-api control for vdr a new lightweight, modular, and scalable deep learning framework (cpu only) a vim script for debugging python. light replacement for the oracle client (files to run oci, occi and jdbc-oci programs) dconf configuration editor (old interface) warframe: install/run wrapper kde's kimpanel implementation for gnome shell, now support fcitx a building energy simulation engine to model energy and water use in buildings a minimal automatic cd ripper and tagging utility map keyboard and mouse actions to gamepad buttons, inspired by qjoypad. openvpn hook for privateinternetaccess.com japanese truetype font obtained by mixing m and source sans pro pidgin with message archive management support a library to parse english textual date descriptions library and tools to access the bitlocker drive encryption (bde) encrypted volumes compiler for d programming language which uses gcc backend gvim wrapper for autodetect permissions/root, open multi files in tabs, based on geany-checkpath tuple serialization functions. a python module for writing json as a stream a modern music player made with electron ide for editing and building projects written in the go programming language - git variant. wingpanel ayatana-compatibility indicator xlib-compatible api for the present extension search through your filesystem with sql-esque queries zeroconf service advertising and discovery for pd, pd-extended version ergonomic and modern music player designed for audiophiles humanist sans serif family with a calligraphic feeling. graphical userinteface for echolink written in qt python binding of libapt-pkg perl module to easily create test classes in an xunit/junit style dialog-based systemd service management. lightweight, cross-platform integrated development environment (2.8.x) build legacy-free os images a simple scheme compiler for x86_64 systems papirus dark color scheme for kde plasma 5 chicken scheme egg: srfi 12 condition utilities backgammon game for kde python library generating graphical user interfaces for easy dataset editing and display a simple quadrotor model for gazebo foo trained language data for tesseract ocr engine matt mcinerney's raleway family, from pablo impallari a tool for php software metrics sparkfun eagle libraries openfabrics alliance userspace mellanox connectx infiniband hca driver a highly minimalist icon theme, with a sober color palette inspired on basic hues and forms. a small oss mixer. ovirt engine command line interface playstation 2 hdloader image dump/install utility a different take on the unix tool cat insight management snmp agents for hp proliant systems javascript core for python ros - the interactive_marker_tutorials package. tk extension to create system tray icons following www.freedesktop.org specifications. python 2 client for pre-commit a freebsd/linux/unix gui manual viewer/reader written in qt kvääni-norja sanakirja, a stardict dictionary for kven to norwegian bokmål and back again blogger sans font gnu version of the firefox browser. borders divide, but hearts shall conquer truetype fonts ros - diagnostic_updater contains tools for easily updating diagnostics. limit the bandwidth of one or more network adapters ros - controller to publish state of force-torque sensors. a small library written in c offering basic x86 emulation and shellcode detection php56 debugging extension retro vu meter plugin for the deadbeef audio player (development version) shortcuts for xonotic(glx,sdl,dedicated) canon scanner driver (for mg4200 series) provides a weather forecast based on forecast.io data extracts individual tracks from one big audio file containing the entire album of music and saves them as separate audio files. (git version) a security suite that packs security and stability testing oriented tools for networks and systems. musical spectrum plugin for the deadbeef audio player (development version). gtk3 version. python controller library for tor varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko oslo service library generate pkgbuild file for a python module from pypi sony rc-s320 usb felica nfc rfid card reader/writer(pasori). use moose or mouse modules. (note deprecated infavor of moo) control brightness of your primary and secondary display in linux this is dyuthi, a font belonging to a set of truetype and opentype fonts released under the gnu general public license for malayalam language. open source x driver for via igps a cross-platform application and ui framework (mingw-w64) a javascript minifier written in python (uses python2) a unified api for parsing nzb files python bindings to lrzip (https://github.com/ckolivas/lrzip) ros - nav_msgs defines the common messages used to interact with the navigation stack. mmix sources data-driven test scaffold for nginx c module and openresty lua library development epson printer driver (xp-211, xp-214, xp-216) solaris porting layer kernel headers. official desktop version of telegram messaging app - static binaries oracle java runtime environment jetbrains ide for java and other programming languages. this packages contains a bundled jre. simple regex-based lexer/parser for inline markup complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mg5300 series pure python package for working with dicom files a free and open source cross-platform web server package (lamp stack), consisting mainly of the apache http server, mysql database, and interpreters for scripts written in the php and perl programming languages simple handy extensions for git javascript runtime the kde calendar access library antivirus scanner from kaspersky rescue disk this is blam, a camera calibration toolkit for blender in the form of an add-on, written in python, that facilitates modeling based on photographs. ros - standalone python library for generating ros message and service data structures for various languages. storm is a tool for the analysis of systems involving random or probabilistic phenomena sqlite module for php a viewer for astronomical data fits (flexible image transport system) files. a pair of simple command-line utilities for v4l2 radio tuner cards python bindings for libconcord. gridcoin is a cryptocurrency that helps science via boinc - daemon intl module for php time is space: functional, async-by-default programming language built with go read bitlocker encrypted volumes under linux adds routing functionality to postgis/postgresql daemons for the bluetooth protocol stack. patched to support ps3 controllers, including gasia/shanwan clones ros - rqt_py_console is a python gui plugin providing an interactive python console. ruby and rails ide with the full stack of essential developer tools. text::xslate renderer for mojo a set of tweening / easing functions implemented in python. a python client library for google play services oauth. gstreamer clutter (hardware rendering) player backend for gnome twitch a word processor which gets the hell out of your way and lets you get some work done. virtualbox host kernel modules sources a port of jquery.js to perl scalable datastore for metrics, events, and real-time analytics a full-featured file system for online data storage. a library to perform generic seralization and deserialization of qobjects xml parsing for fog providers a retro-inspired brick-breaking game with unique twists (humble bundle version) toolset to rip audiostreams, cut, fade in/out and tag the resulting audiofiles (git version) a customizable colorful eye-candy theme for emacser. moe, moe, kyun! this library can be used as a module for fog or as standalone provider to use the terremark enterprisecloud in applications. bitmask ui library to communicate with an instance of exiftool command-line application wjt is a slider widget for x qt4 application to make conference schedules offline. able to import schedules in xml format created by the ​pentabarf (or ​frab) used by ​fosdem, ​debconf, ​grazer linuxtage, ​ccc congresses, ​froscon, and ​many others. a compilation of networking jokes python on chip debugger and programmer for arm cortex-m microcontrollers using cmsis-dap multiping host checker dockapp for window maker vmware vcloud python sdk tool to trace and analyze execution of a program written in c/c reverse engineering tool suite (includes elfsh) a powerful icccm2 compliant multiple virtual desktop window manager for x11 a gui wallpaper chooser that changes your openbox theme, gtk theme and tint2 theme binutils for the djgpp dosbox cross-compiler a commercial, multi-protocol and cross-platform im client dxr3 and hollywood driver handle csv data in perl6 ros - a metapackage which extends ros_core and includes other basic non-robot tools like actionlib, dynamic reconfigure, nodelets, and pluginlib. a source code analysis framework (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.7/) u-boot for pcduino3 nano pretty, minimal and fast zsh prompt a simple ide for clojure and clojurescript. application to stream music from a upnp server using gstreamer. standalone flash player and thumbnailer for the gnome desktop huggle anti-vandalism tool for wikipedia space pirates and zombies, a top-down space combat/strategy game (humble bundle version) geo::distance - perl interface to calculate geo distance from latitude and longitude a single-player fantasy game. you control a dwarven outpost or an adventurer in a randomly generated persistent world. obsidian tileset. chinese simplified for firefox beta a script for plotting the bitrate of an audio or video stream over time gandhi sans and serif font family by cristóbal henestrosa and raúl plancarte for librería gandhi (opentype) ruby on rails syntax highlighting for gtksourceview support for yaml 1.1 (yaml ain't markup language) serialization using the libyaml library. the ultimate python binding for vulkan api python module that implements dkim email signing and verification clar's shell configuration. linux kernel and modules with the uksm. simulation software for altera fpga's the most powerful git gui generate editor tags for perl6 asynchronous input/output acs sphinx client module c bindings for libsexy cli application framework for python pcsc driver for reiner sct cyberjack cardreaders a simple tv show episode reminder web inspector based nodejs debugger php twig extension. lightweight directory access protocol (ldap) client libraries (x32 abi) take actions when specific devices appear/disappear from your lan a free hex editor / disk editor for linux, windows and macosx an easy-to-use, robust and highly configurable vpn (virtual private network) (build against openssl-1.0) simple pkcs11 provider for tpm chips. git version. application to stream or download videos and music from various youtube-like sites without having flash installed. the binstruct library allows you to access binary data using a predefined structure. method and function declarations with signatures and no source filter system information tool like hardinfo, sysinfo a music composition program a rfc 1027 compliant proxy arp daemon simple lightweight linux cron daemon configshell based cli for managing ceph/iscsi gateways built using lio opengl image (gli) is a header only c image library for graphics software controller software for the bitfenix recon fan controller. a backward-compatibile xbacklight replacement based on acpi xorg server common files - git a sophisticated object-relational dbms (from source, lto enabled) open source sdk used for the development of 3d sensing middleware libraries and applications arduino wiring-like library written in c for raspberrypi. kernel modules for highpoint rocketraid 2640x1 sas card. linux-lts version pyside lupdate, rcc, and uic development tools (for python 2) java tool to crop pages of pdf documents to one or more regions selected with a gui. a minimal version of pidgin for sane xmpp / irc users a gamecube / wii / triforce emulator, git version with debugfast openstack identity - daemon lightweight qt hierarchical notes-manager for linux. intl module for php sync the l2p of the rwth aachen with your computer telegram api tools for qtqml and qml an all-in-one tool for easy netbooting openvas-setup/openvas-start/openvas-stop script synchronize notmuch mail across machines download manager for the emusic.com music service. pre-compiled binary from official repository legacy web content engine for gtk 3 formatting of dates and times in flask templates using moment.js. a fast closed captions extractor for mpeg files. mk and vpp, two tools for the cyclic process of editing, compiling, viewing, and printing a latex, xelatex, or plain tex document. jforex live trading client for dukascopy europe python bindings for phabricator coherent pdf commandline tool binary to manipulate pdf files including merge, encrypt, decrypt, scale, crop, rotate, bookmarks, stamp, logos, page numbers, compress, etc. python intelhex library minimal perforce server a simple useful text-based gnusocial client to unix-like operating systems an open source peer-to-peer vpn font depicting various open-source logos, by ctrlaltf12 gkrellm plugin to setup extra counters for your mailboxes library for creating easy email filters an interpreter for 010 template scripts. plugin for vapoursynth: sharpaamcmod (git version) mount removable devices as normal user solaris porting layer kernel headers. language and locale selection tool library for tocc, the tag-based file management system a small dlna server which brings dlna/upnp support to pulseaudio tiling window manager extension for gnome-shell. a lightweight, object-oriented finite state machine implementation in python a simple, blog aware, static site generator. translate joystick movements into keystrokes a pushbullet systray notification daemon for linux. also a simple client to receive, mirror, and send pushes. version 2 the adler-32 checksum a command-line frontend for the php_codecoverage library. map and navigation application using offline vector maps language and environment for statistical computing and graphics, enhanced by microsoft a very bright, simple but daily usable theme for xfce open source cups driver for canon capt printers (not stable, formerly foo2capt) default themes for the gnome desktop (32-bit) gtk-based highly graphically-customizable feed ticker combine python linters in a sane way advanced access content system (mingw-w64) multi-platform screen and application forwarding system screen for x11 tool for merging and translating subtitles ros - this rqt plugin ros package provides easy view of .launch files. non-free ttd windows data set for openttd performs global search and replace throughout the document in the list of rules. the pantheon photo booth ros - qt_gui provides the infrastructure for an integrated graphical user interface based on qt. r functions for bitwise operations power indicator for wingpanel barry is an open source application that provides a desktop gui, synchronization, backup, restore and program management for blackberry ™ devices. patched eap peer library api for gctwimax-modacom-u3500 driver dell color multifunction printer e525w linux ppd driver a multi-gpu program that corrects beam-induced sample motion on dose fractionated movie stacks fast and accurate emulator of the original 48k zx spectrum. sandbox for securely executing untrusted programs a framework that makes accessing remote d-bus objects from emacs lisp easier standalone web browser from mozilla.org a high level abstraction utility for controlling compiz fusion through d-bus messaging perl extension to convert between datetime and excel dates linuxsampler control protocol (lscp) wrapper library intelligently searches through a list of file names for the one you were probably looking for. terminal dictionary a psgi helper library a port of colossal cave adventure to modern systems. utilities for fc5025 usb 5.25" floppy controller by device side data provides a simple event system cross-platform open source music player a malloc(3) debugger that uses virtual memory hardware to detect illegal memory accesses. tool to read and log measurements of many smart meters and sensors catalan language pack for seamonkey provides os primitives, file scanning, data records etc. for tcl the design doc tool made for developers ciliora-secunda theme for cinnamon qt port of pavucontrol library for high-throughput sequencing data formats build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) perl/cpan module class::unload: unload a class format and parse datetime::durations an open source beat slicer an online/offsite backup solution a python package to calculate the radiative properties of astrophysical plasmas based on the chianti atomic database sugar get things done unix amiga delitracker emulator ros - contains nodelets for processing depth images such as those produced by openni camera. advanced text editor written in qt nxp / freescale kinetis design studio the containerum cli travel::status::de::ura is an inofficial interface to ura-based departure monitors (as used by aseag) provides a generic logging layer that may be used to log to one or more of syslog, an open file handle or a file name. a modern quake 1 engine. forked from fitzquake. stable version with optional mission pack desktop files. scp module for paramiko a shell and command-line utility to manage texlive on arch linux tools for the tla2 language (sany, tlc, pluscal translator and tlatex) a simple rss reader. vim the editor. cli version and gtk2 gui providing majority of features. a mediacenter user interface based on kde plasma components world's biggest collection of classic text mode fonts, system fonts and bios fonts from dos-era ibm pcs and compatibles kde thumbnailer plugin for mind mapping file created by mindmanager. python client library for designate markers for the minetest mod "areas" (mod for minetest) command line tool to interact with the postgresql extension network kde 3d printing libary continuation queues: embeddable asynchronous networking, threading, and notification framework for lua 5.3 threadweaver fast and full-featured ssl scanner. swift version manager a library to provide abstract access to various archives (mingw-w64) etersoft daemon supporting sentinel hasp, hasp hl, hasp4 and hardlock keys. a command-line tool to convert metastock (datalink) binary data to ascii text fortune quotes from eureka iio accelerometer sensor to input device proxy firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - afrikaans azenis green icon theme xml-filter-domfilter-libxml perl module (sax filter allowing dom processing of selected subtrees) corrects delay, cuts audio files coded in ac3, dts, mpa and wav, fixes crc errors in ac3 and mpa files. work with unicode/non-unicode data from files or strings uniformly. bluetooth firmware for the broadcom bcm4350 card c library for parsing json config files opendap access of in situ data. a next-generation social media network powered by the ethereum world computer (alpha) the official fonts for aarhus university: au passata, au peto and au logo editorconfig plugin for geany snake game clone written in c and ncurses ros - xmlrpc is a c implementation of the xml-rpc protocol. epson printer driver (me 32, 320, 33, 330 / stylus n10, n11, nx125, nx127, s22, sx125, t12, t13, t22, t22e, t25, tx120, tx121, tx123, tx125, tx129) a semi-automatic latex ftplugin with lots of firepower. development version of dotgit sender policy framework mail filter module, by acme labs pam modules that enables either two-factor or password-less authentication using an usb storage device (such as an usb flash memory stick) this package allows to do boolean operations with polygons using the greiner-hormann algorithm. a library with common classes and functionality used by qt4 finance applications. a bash script to search and install gnome shell extensions gui engine for pygame and more the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for arm eabi (bare-metal) target. c library that may be linked into a c or c program to produce symbolic backtraces open source machine learning api expansion of arch cursor simple theme that keeps the best and modifies the rest. application time-tracking for linux. stable version metis is a set of serial programs for partitioning graphs, partitioning finite element meshes, and producing fill reducing orderings for sparse matrices. the afterstep clock dock app - xlib version a simple app that provides django integration for rq (redis queue) step7 open source ethernet communication suite development and deployment made easy - the successor to vagrant initial uefi bootloader that handles chaining to a trusted full bootloader under secure boot environments. the elder futhark adapted to the characteristics of today's computers. bash implementation of color spectrum for ip subneting. pvr add-on for kodi to add vdr as a tv/pvr backend to kodi an email address completion/matching tool cryptocurrency run a program as root with a graphical interface pagespeed module for mainline nginx sphinx extension to support docstrings in numpy format the opusfile library provides seeking, decode, and playback of opus streams in the ogg container. create simple and beautiful presentations on the linux desktop the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. collection of tools for managing unix services - derived from the public-domain release of daemontools by d. j. bernstein. a very simple application that changes macbooks' with intel graphics display backlight level. a post-apocalyptic roguelike,tiles only luajit-based scientific computing framework plugin for avxsynth. masktools2 (git version) xep-0313: message archive management for muc for prosody kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-lts-tomoyo kernel qt data visualization module (mingw-w64) record, convert and stream audio and video (all possible features including nvenc, qsv and libfdk-aac) quickly place and move windows around the x11 desktop using a grid a collection of molecular biology applications header files and scripts for building modules for linux-macbook kernel a physics-based fantasy action game with three playable characters and co-op mode (game sold separately) collection of libraries and applications implementing large parts the dicom standard python module for scanning information on running processes, including mappings, open file-descriptors, process owner, and other information valadoc is a documentation generator for generating api documentation from vala source code based on libvala. text-based vt font editor a gtk application to report missing icons to your theme repository synaptics led enabled psmouse kernel module a bash script that handles a very usefull program called dd_rescue. some extensions for jupyter notebook a terminal gopher client an application to preview kwin aurorae themes and edit the configuration. manages an application's dependencies through its entire life, across many machines, systematically and repeatably. interactive process viewer with added support for cpu temperature pkg-config compatible utility which does not depend on glib provides an easy to use stateful interface to the pica200 gpu of the nintendo 3ds. a dmenu wrapper for basic systemctl commands a plugin for dexy which enables the 'dexy viewer' command, running a local web server for previewing your dexy docs and snippets. morning_star gtk themes collection a c/c development environment for kde. (git version) advanced mastermind game and solver ros - this package allows you to publish the state of a robot to tf. python 2 bindings for liblzma python css-to-inline-styles conversion tool for html using beautifulsoup and cssutils. canon ij scanner driver (mp495) x86_64 provides utility functions for working with the color names and color value formats defined by the html and css specifications. ruby/git is a ruby library that can be used to create, read and manipulate git repositories by wrapping system calls to the git binary. free upnp/dlna media server with samsung tv compatibility an implementation of the precision time protocol (ptp) according to ieee standard 1588 for linux. display and grab colors in x simple stand-alone debugger for attiny 45 and other atmel avr debugwire chips connected directly to an ft232r or similar manages services like dns, dhcp, tftp and puppet though a http restful api. used by foreman bittorrent library written in c for use with rtorrent-ps virtual python environment builder for pypy modern, floss reimplementation of the diablo 1 game engine java port of lttoolbox. handles lexical processing, morphological analysis and generation of words in natural languages using fast finite state transducers. a command line program for tunneling and/or proxying tcp or udp \ connections via a cryptographic tunnel. f-droid desktop client open source memory and cache benchmark (smp version) open source computer vision library compiled with extra modules(opencv_contrib) and cuda generate script for xephyr multiseat on demand renders data structures in a tree fashion with colors a gtk3-program to create bibtex-files cli and gui application to program your flirc device ros - rqt_web is a simple web content viewer for rqt. extends python-novaclient to use rax-si, the rackspace nova api scheduled images extension an implementation of troff typesetting system in c programming language. the package represents databases of entities (countries), prefixes and callsigns that are used by amateur (ham) radio logging software - everyday logging version. a simple metronome for the commandline an open-source, multi-platform flight simulator gridcoin is a cryptocurrency that helps science via boinc - qt chromium embedded framework standard release document object model for cascading style sheets meslo for powerline this is a dummy package for packages depending on dbus-core. this replaces it with an empty package depending on dbus. modern graphical system monitor, mate panel applet midi editor, player, tracker and composer ros - rosclean: cleanup filesystem resources (e.g. a web-interface based binary newsgrabber with nzb file support now you can design any city you can imagine and simcity 2000 will bring it, and its resident sims, to life. framework for creating web applications with guile scheme modular selinux reference policy including headers and docs with arch linux patches spice vdagent for linux ros - the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl) defines a tree structure to represent the kinematic and dynamic parameters of a robot mechanism. a chef server written in go, able to run entirely in memory, with optional persistence with saving the in-memory data to disk or using mysql or postgres as the data storage backend open source computer vision library (32-bit) handlebars.js is an extension to the mustache templating language created by chris wanstrath. handlebars.js and mustache are both logicless templating languages that keep the view and the code separated like we all know they should be. ros - ros messages for universally unique identifiers. mesa 3-d graphics library (32-bit) - non-libglvnd version highline is a high-level command-line io library. a functional programming language for realtime audio signal processing. none a clone of the classic missile command game with improved graphics and sound the next generation version of the original ntop, a network traffic probe that shows the network usage raylib is a simple and easy-to-use library to learn videogames programming. a common data structure and used algorithms c library osu! pp advanced inspector (oppai) is pp calculator for osu! beatmaps an emulator of atari 400/800/400xl/800xl/130xe/5200 data analysis and scientific plotting - free clone of origin, with origin import enabled official implementation of peercoin, the sustainable and secure cryptocurrency alternative to bitcoin - daemon. detect and calculate prime numbers with deterministic tests the msx emulator that aims for perfection. filesystem (fuse) implemented on mosso's cloud files small embeddable c compiler backend a ruby library for generating and verifying one time passwords show news from various sources mkinitcpio hook to set vt console colors during early userspace generate cryptographic signatures for objects this small script continuously builds a latex file in the background. it only overwrites the target pdf file upon a successful and complete build allowing to continuously watch the pdf in pdf viewer. html::template::pro - perl/xs module to use html templates from cgi scripts free music streaming player op-tee trusted os tools a sample rate converter for audio additional folder colors for the vivacious-colors icon theme library for showing progress reporting and status updates on terminals standard ml compiler and toolkit psgi adapter for cgi docker spec for running rserve in a sandbox dsmi server a bash script to manage dropbox from the cli mate menu specifications (gtk3 version) implements a flat filesystem stupid simple web browser - a simply gtk webkit browser provides access to position, satellite and area monitoring classes (mingw-w64) takes the drudgery out of exporting symbols exif reader is a module to read exif from jpeg and tiff images. digital pendulum data & analysis agnostic and unobtrusive rake tasks for managing and releasing ruby gems. gives something like the functionality of libwww-perl (lwp) in ruby. a free font imitating a real typewriter. simple lightweight gtk/gstreamer audio mixer an icon theme designed with a minimal, flat style, using simple geometry & colours. shogi (japanese chess) playing program based on openshogilib modern, legacy free, simple yet efficient vim-like editor - statically linked, self-extracting usenet spot database build2 build toolchain (build system and package manager) display your undo history in a graph. ms/ms database search tool memory scanner designed to isolate the address of an arbitrary variable in an executing process portable open source library to import various well-known 3d model formats in an uniform manner. python bindings. an action rpg/dungeon crawling adventure with opengl 3d graphics (development version) lifehacker.com's todo.sh script for maintaining a todo.txt file kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-pae kernel command-line ripper for spotify, with a workaround for playlist emptying community-managed fork of the arc dialect of lisp. (git version) a top-like tool for monitoring an erlang node your bibliography on the command line browser aiming to recreate classic opera (12.x) ui using qt5. companion module for readonly.pm, to speed up read-only 'git bisect' workalike for subversion. binary search through svn history. a vim-like web browser that is inspired by pentadactyl and vimprobable. ros - this package contains messages for defining shapes, such as simple solid object primitives (cube, sphere, etc), planes, and meshes. chrome-based text editor from github - beta channel - precompiled binary from official repository - pkgbuild downloads the latest dev release when built. brute force detector for ssh, exim, vsftpd and more. userspace gamepad driver for linux a free program to solve the problem of harmonic inversion software x11 brightness control style neutral, scalable cursor theme xs based javascript minifier cli tools to manage areca's arc11xx/arc12xx/arc16xx/arc18xx raid controllers transparent proxy server that forwards all tcp packets over ssh loudness meter lv2 plugins for correctly setting up tracking and mixing levels voice/video call ui for telepathy a soundboard for hot-keying and playing back sounds. (for podcasting) belarusian dictionary for aspell. graphical application for generating different color variations of numix/materia theme (gtk2, gtk3), gnome-colors and archdroid icon themes. have a hack for hidpi in gtk2. plugin for ogmrip which adds support for the ogg container for ogmrip array::diff - find the differences between two arrays gnome-colors icon theme (common icons) set r package configuration options on a per-package basis. a filter for reformatting text by wrapping and filling lines to a given line-width. wallet / node implementation of the lightning.network p2p protocol a command-line utility to extract various archive file formats disassembler for the zilog z80 microprocessor a gui application to solve and generate sudoku puzzles through logical means intel math kernel library (intel® mkl) 11.3.3 systemd service to run kodi in stand-alone mode without a de cpuset is a python application to make using the cpusets facilities in the linux kernel easier. ros - this package defines messages for defining robot trajectories. a portable sctp userland stack unicode helper and search utility an open source remote desktop protocol (rdp) server - git version ipxe kernel to boot wim images from network for both uefi and bios system generic cache interface and implementations an url retrival utility and library (mingw-w64) a particle physics package for data analysis and validation of monte carlo event generators -- latest build from hg-repo plugin for vapoursynth: awarpsharp2 (git version) a java xml object model a small c program in hommage to xkcd 247 'factoring the time'. freeimage is a library for developers who would like to support popular graphics image formats. elementary icons for libreoffice oh-my-zsh powerline style theme the berkeley vi editor an mvp config reader for .ini files authentication plugin for http::server::simple a program to automatically download adult content from internet directories (gtk2) democratic jukebox - your democratic music player terminal image renderer quotes from the movie hackers fortune cookie file salut à toi, multi-frontends multi-purposes xmpp client (media files) gtk wave cleaner is a digital audio editor to denoise, dehiss and amplify audio files branch of gnu emacs that replaces emacs' own emacslisp engine with that of guile. 3d engine for libretro gl. visual hexadecimal difference editor qt4 library which interacts with netctl. a part of netctl-gui webapp for zarafa ros - rosclean: cleanup filesystem resources (e.g. open-source & cross-platform text/hex editor written in c and wxwidgets. free, distributed and user-friendly irc / twitter / xmpp / campfire / jabbr client for gnome/gtk (common files and server) a pacman package analyzer (git) an open source toolkit for building, researching, and studying recommender systems. selawik font as a fallback to segoe ui virus total public/private/intel api consolas with powerline a tool to use with the gx package manager for packages written in go. a fast compressor/decompressor library a fronted gui to dd for making bootable usb disks a 'autotuner' jack application. internet access via smartphone incrementally clone linux drives a virtual network service for openstack - bigswitch agent a distributed init system. daily build -- a safe home for all your data. secure, under your control and developed in an open, transparent and trustworthy way is a customisable tool for automatic windows positioning and sizing. simple and slim skin for vdr experimental build of telegram desktop (using system qt, emojis replaced with those from emojione) multi-threaded benchmark for evaluating os parameters for database-loads (git) firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - english (south african) interactive 3d universe software focused on esa's gaia mission modified version (patch) of the hidden markov model toolkit (htk). generic interface for proof assistants. xslt 1.0 / xpath 1.0 processor for java an sdl based utility to generate text animations in the style of old dos prompts curses development kit - widget library, enhanced version a full featured, advanced, multi-threaded, multisegment download manager and accelerator. python logging handler for logstash a kde frontend for amule automatically place pixels on reddit.com/r/place weechat plugin client for eventd http://weechat-eventc.eventd.org/ rake is a make-like program implemented in ruby bitscope meter software for oscilloscopes multiplayer-action-tactic-skill game python module for reading and writing data in common electrophysiology formats from stimfit project. python monitoring tool ros - provides an extensible and standardised framework for input-output devices. command-line utility for running any arbitrary program as a unix daemon accurate quantification of gene and isoform expression from rna-seq data cross-platform port of arx fatalis, a first-person fantasy rpg (executables only; latest git revision) ros - a libfreenect-based ros driver for the microsoft kinect. a canadian french male voice for the mbrola synthesizer c library for decoding mpeg-1 video streams (legacy) support for many storage backends (s3, libcloud, etc) in django. rhizome/pi is a scheme implementation (interpreter and compiler, compiler generates program in c language) conforming to r^5rs. broadcom bluetooth firmware for bcm20703a1 based devices. inheritable, overridable class and instance data accessor creation manipulate ipv4/ipv6 netblocks in cidr notation quickly and easily create your own arch-based gnu/linux-distribution 3gpp adaptive multi-rate floating-point (amr) speech codec imap module for php a set of command-line statistics tools trac xmlrpc library optimfrog input plugin for deadbeef debhelper add-on to call autoreconf and clean up after the build php 4 and 5 validator and documentator. an open-source suite of programs for developing quantum chemistry methods written in python. various openbox pipemenus switchboard about plug python interface to sqlcipher a gtk based gui interface to libexif-gtk ros - this package provides simple support to cmath, filling in holes or redefining in a c formulation where desirable. a serial port logging utility. 'zero setup' cross compilation and 'cross testing' of rust crates tools for working with spherical harmonics experience romantic regency england in this sumptuous solitaire game. (humble bundle) a gnome application to organise documents or references, and ultimately generate a bibtex bibliography file local membrane property analysis multi-threaded javascript on the jvm protocol buffers - google's data interchange format a simple script to speed up updating and cleaning your system michael adams’ obsessively-detailed clones of highway signage typefaces used in america, germany and the uk html sanitization for rails applications colourize manpages django authentication backend for use with openstack identity os and desktop integration made easy. opencl(tm) 2.0 driver for intel(r) hd, iris(tm), and iris(tm) pro graphics for linux erebor certificate authority desktop app to upload subtitles to opensubtitles, using node.js and nwjs format elm source code according to a standard set of rules based on the official elm style guide. git command line interface to github python image viewer with vim-like keybindings minimal racket installation, without drracket, from git canon ij printer driver (for mx470 series) python 2 and 3 compatibility utilities (build for pypy) kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-tp-x1-carbon-5th kernel a top-down adventure game set in a gritty futuristic dystopian city axolotl c library. pp damerau levenshtein edit distance a pair of linux kernel drivers for ddc/ci monitors (dkms) cryptographic protocol verifier in the computational model kde4 keyleds - plasma(plasmoid) keyboard status leds a command line backup program written in python - git version a pure interface to the sqlite3 database textutils - text filters, helpers, readers and more arcade game inspired by monster farm jump. command line tools for working with catkin. an open-source implementation of the arma modding tools. convert multiple audio types from one format to another. a qt library for creating printable reports a dot-accessible dictionary (a la javascript objects). bashfr.org/dtc (danstonchat.com) fortune file widgets for tracking kjob instances (mingw-w64) wep, wpa wifi cracker for wireless penetration testing openfabrics alliance userspace library for ofed/scif for libibverbs various extra foils for mse. this one is the jss foil gradient by art_freak. a utility to manage and maintain kicad libraries with schematic symbols and footprints a little macro that adds a 'insert / page number...' dialog to writer. it eases the way you can add page numbers to a document. c shell cs50 library for c addons to qtwidgets (mingw-w64) cython wrapper for the c translation of the angus johnson's clipper library ssl/ssh vnc viewer no java programmer's editor and shell, running over inferno a python2 converter to extract nested json data to csv files. perl interface to the jh digest algorithm standalone (fr) web browser from mozilla.org, developer build - french francais libsoc is a c library to interface with common peripherals found in system on chips (soc) through generic linux kernel interfaces. a diagnostic, debugging and instructional utility download google webfonts for off-line use a dockapp that monitors your incoming mails a perl-script to send xmpp (jabber), similar to what mail(1) does for mail userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat kone devices gedit 3 plugin to cut lines using ctrlx xdxf dictionary format and "makedict" dictionary converting software c language family frontend for llvm (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.7/) interactive data cursors for matplotlib simple virtual terminal emulator for x, patched with scrollback patches plugin for vapoursynth: degrainmedian (git version) package containing open-xchange backend localization for en_us a program that computes ambient brightness and sets screen's correct backlight using a webcam. ipv4/ipv6 manipulation library automated suite of programs for configuring and maintaining unix-like computers. simple tool to look for registered domains similar to your own, only distinguished by typos. useful for detection of fraud and fishing attacs udev rules to connect hw-1 wallet to your linux box a portable library for ssa/ass subtitles rendering (32 bit) befaco's vcv modules vte based, highly customizable terminal emulator. system tray that connects and monitors the status of ssh tunnels open-source virtual eurorack daw extended object tcl a tool to explore combat mechanics in the popular mmo rpg world of warcraft (tm). multi-player event-driven simulator written in c that models raid damage. replacement for standard oss sound system of wolfenstein: enemy territory qos framework using tc for python html documentation for lsp plugins a roguelike computer game authored by noah morgan in 1986 for the unix operating system a free, enhanced port of the classic fps "marathon 2" by bungie software (development version) command-line tool to find and remove duplicate files. tools for programming nordic nrf51 mcu using j-link cad for 3d dna origami nanostructures a silly git launcher posix library for lua 5.1 yet another skk japanese input method dictionary server ros - bubble icon library for rocon. a lightweight qt5 desktop for freebsd a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtgraphicaleffects) (5.1.x) converts the output of a command that lists files into a tree representation similar to the output of the command tree handy virtual magnifying glass tool high-performance file compressor that utilizes an advanced lz-based compression algorithm openstack dashboard a simple aur agent with a pretentious name drupal core translation: meta package a static content management system. a service manager for running/managing/monitoring/auto-restarting daemons and services at the user (non-root) level qt5 eglfs broadcom device integration for the raspberry pi a parser and serializer for id3v2 tags test response times using tcp syn packets popular, blazing fast open source enterprise search platform from the apache lucene project the best way to play itch.io games. the api and cli tools that provide access to amazon elastic beanstalk awsebcli a tool to help with quick iteration on complex shell pipelines. the open source cross platform whatsapp library powering wazapp numad is a deamon that monitors numa topology and usage and distributes loads for good locality for the purpose of providing the best performance, by avoiding unnecessary latency. ros - python implementation of bond, a mechanism for checking when another process has terminated. a style to bend qt applications to look like they belong into gnome shell (qt4) the luatex engine, current svn trunk, standalone binary gnome shell extension for listening to internet radio streams. additional package optimization routines for makepkg record power consumption, calculate the average and create a gnuplot graphic android sdk platform, api-21 kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux kernel with amdgpu dc patches gromacs tng python2 module for generating .ninja files modern, beautiful irc client written in gtk 3 ros - this package contains a tool for setting and publishing joint state values for a given urdf. convert audio, video, image and document files between all popular formats enthought tool suite pim layer, which provides an asynchronous api to access all kind of pim data. builds with postgresql backend adds support for the game unvanquished to the level editor netradiant. an openapi codec for core api. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-surfacepro3-rt kernel yet another aur helper extended pickling support for python objects a framework for building mega-widgets using the [incr tcl] object system. perl based command line smtp client a gamma-contrast-brightness modifier of linux's laptops ros - the class_loader package is a ros-independent package for loading plugins during runtime and the foundation of the higher level ros pluginlib library. control vlc playback via a web interface. internetabspielgerät @shackspace. a local cve checker tool embedded key-value store for fast storage gobject-based multi-platform gui toolkit (legacy) (mingw-w64) a (w)diff wrapper to support directories and colorize the output. an implementation of rfc 2617 - digest access authentication. paste-binouse is a standalone c web pastebin an open source resource manager providing control over batch jobs and distributed compute nodes cross-platform webm converter accounting and aggregation toolsuite for ipv4 and ipv6 able to collect data through libpcap, netlink/ulog, netflow and sflow mopidy extension for controlling volume using an external tpa2016d2 amplifier free crossword game (scrabble-like) artificial intelligence and analysis tool a realtime strategy game with emphasis on economy and transport - development version a window manager extensible using a lisp-based scripting language. a cross-platform application built using the qt framework which allows you to browse and edit xbox 360 files. major mode for processing 2.0. a roguelike rhythm game! move on the beat to navigate ever changing dungeons 个性化音乐服务 for mac and linux a complete, object-oriented language binding of opencl to python generates a cue sheet from a cd provides tolua for 5.3 - this tool integrates c/c code with lua 5.3 !! - see this pkgbuild source - just change one variable to build the git version - defaults to release version. tariff data for the timetable search engines by chaps: czech ans slovak trains. this packages the perl-pdf-labels distribution, containing the pdf::labels module! validation suite for variant call format (vcf) files, implemented using c11 a library for working with lidar data goplot is an easy to use plotting tool written in golang. source code file required by squeak to view function names, source code, etc. within the vm. an html library for gtk a utility to apply patch files to original sources a tool to clean up the gnupg keyring the 115 wangpan client a python framework to interface with the mediawiki api a corba object request broker for c and python. legacy version. a window manager for x in the spirit of dwm optimized module loading for forking or non-forking processes library and tools to parse, encode and handle wbxml documents integrate passive alerts and checks from remote machines and applications with nagios. useful for processing security alerts, as well as redundant and distributed nagios setups. tool that makes it easy to run openshift locally. a command line tool for mathematics and statistics data processing associate ps3 sixaxis controller to system bluetoothd via usb addon scripts, plugins, and skins for kodi(xbmc) media center. special for chinese laguage. an alternate base32 encoder (not rfc 3548 compliant) google calendar integration for nuvola player. teacup enables repeatable testing of different tcp algorithms over a range of emulated network path conditions. a general-purpose particle simulation toolkit using gpus with cuda qt archiver utility a color scheme and template for color schemes bmx6 mesh routing network protocol including json, sms and table plugins remote control samsung televisions via tcp/ip connection easy to use password manager with built-in password generator, qt5 version challenge promode arena (cpma) is a quake3 modification which adds features aimed towards professional gamers and competitive enviroments. remix music packs for ur-quan masters (uqm) tiny & big - up that mountain - demo beta library for obtaining a sequence of successive coarse grids for geometric multigrid methods intel clear containers runtime a linux utility for setting up and using steam mobile authenticator (aka steam 2fa) on the command line a sampler lv2 plugin virtualbox guest userspace utilities without x support collection of routines to export data produced by finite elements or finite volume simulations in formats used by some visualization programs. adaboost with decision stumps, compatible with boostexter skin based on the enigma text2skin addon manage muspy subscriptions via beets. a command-line tool that converts your php project into a .phar file. translation tool for rpgmaker games the unofficial arrl-lotw users list perl-ish interface libzmq highly configurable prompt builder for bash and zsh written in go hyper-v vss daemon for arch linux dumb prompter advanced, scalable high-availability cluster resource manager a mysql database connector for c library for nintendo gameboy advance homebrew development user password checking for tsscreenlock general purpose library and file format for storing scientific data (full version including the java native interfaces - jni) map data for the timetable search engines by chaps: european railway. ascii patrol is an ascii game project which was mainly inspired by 'moon patrol'. a free software (lgpl-licensed) encoder for the dts coherent acoustics audio format. the react native cli tools inconsolata-dz for powerline dockapp that displays the output of a shell command. a vector graphics language (like metapost) a gdb toolbox for low-level debugging a qt gui for wine. (git version) cldoc is a clang based documentation generator for c and c. cldoc tries to solve the issue of writing c/c software documentation with a modern, non-intrusive and robust approach. netcat as a library git-based zone management tool for static and dynamic domains ros - a bond allows two processes, a and b, to know when the other has terminated, either cleanly or by crashing. tideways profiler daemon a colorized, small and flexible tetris(tm)-clone for the console. core utilities for python packages tiny, yet moo(se)-compatible type constraint a python/qt client for duniter network an interactive tui s.m.a.r.t viewer a set of libraries and drivers for fast packet processing lz4 bindings for python nvidia's opencl implemention for 'nvidia-utils-llb' a terminal-based chat client for mattermost fetch info from mpeg-4 files (.mp4, .m4a, .m4p, .3gp) simple interrupt monitor top-like way turkish language pack for pale moon browser astroml is a python module for machine learning and data mining built on numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, and matplotlib. ros - capabilities for the turtlebot. project fusion is a cross-platform, open source multi-functional game launcher. ioctl opt arguments for python 3 linux upnp internet gateway device. open source flash program for the stm32 arm processors using the st serial bootloader over uart or i2c a cross-platform process and system utilities module for python2 the xkcd font. robotics systems types converter for python multi-state markov and hidden markov models in continuous time test engine that runs unit and integration tests in your browser integrates eve-ng (aka unetlab) with linux desktop beersmith features graphical recipe design, over a dozen standalone brewing tools, a beer style guide, inventory management, calendar and integrated shopping list. netbsd xmltools (git) firmware binaries for epson perfection 1670/2480/2580/3490/3590 vmware workstation kernel modules (dkms) library for manipulating unicode strings and c strings. (mingw-w64) peer-to-peer distributed file system with history helpfile generation for vim plugins cgi and fcgi sapi for php a fully featured nutrition and biomarker tracking tool tools that measure performance of authoritative domain name services ps/2 emulation tools for recording and playing back ps/2 devices asus zenbook ambient light sensor kernel module (dkms) a comprehensive screenshot and screencasting applet for cinnamon. ros - components of moveit connecting to perception. a python3 library for accessing the pcloud.com api software synthesiser emulating pre-gm midi devices, such as the roland mt-32 interactive front end to /usr/bin/useradd from slackware linux open source version of the scalable, non-blocking web server and tools a graphql query parser in c with c and c apis free worms-like turn based strategy game (development version - mercurial) perl interface to the luffa digest algorithm a multi-panel tabbed file manager - git branch lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-8950dw v6 of nodejs evented i/o for v8 javascript pages francophone de manuel de pacman-3.3 none installs a wsgi application in place of a real uri for testing. common c classes and routines such as argument parser, io and conversion utilities an easy and convenient way to get notified and connect to requests on hackhands.com changes your desktop wallpaper automatically after a preset period of time emacs language sensitive editor -- minor mode to use language specific abbreviations a simple terminal style theme for lightdm-webkit2-greeter set of performance analyzing tools for time profiling and data flow inspection in gstreamer apps. openjdk java 8 development kit with infinality patch applied slightly adapted grub2 gfxmenu theme from chakra's dharma theme. fits well to caledonia art suite (same author). an open-source implementation of ieee standard 1003.5b-1996, the posix ada binding. a japanese female voice for the mbrola synthesizer seti@home meets bittorrent, for e-hentai.org and e-hentai galleries. omniorb is a corba object request broker for c and python (this package is compatible with pyorbit) compass and ruler is a dynamic geometry program activesync kolab backend for syncroton preview the effect of perltidy options on your source code library to communicate with an instance of exiftool command-line application kleber command line client for file uploads decred data monitor graphical shutdown util with pyqt5 and lock script for i3 activecollab timer tracks time on your desktop computer and lets you easily submit it to activecollab via activecollab api. ros - this unary stack contains the dynamic_reconfigure package which provides a means to change node parameters at any time without having to restart the node. an optimized blas library based on gotoblas2 1.13 bsd google play apk expansion library module for nginx web server for handling file uploads using multipart/form-data encoding (rfc 1867) the lightweight equinox desktop environment the classic, refined doom source port (git version) c interface to tauola tool to monitor syslogs from a collection of servers swagger code generator your invisible but loud monitoring pet a powerful text editor for mate (gtk2 version) ros - a set of plugins for publishing and subscribing to sensor_msgs/image topics in representations other than raw pixel data. opencl backend for accelerated attack against wpa-psk authentication. a simple google-style logging wrapper for python2 2d rigid body simulation library for games (mingw-w64) eye of gnome: an image viewing and cataloging program (frameless variant) a small, light and smooth theme for gtk based desktops. a general-purpose, easy-to-use fuzzer with interesting analysis options provides notifications about arch linux updates. a free implementation of the server-side smtp protocol. latest snapshot. gnu circuit analysis package window numbers for emacs - navigate windows and frames using numbers the program that lets you create cross stitch patterns and charts. sumo is an open source, highly portable, microscopic and continuous road traffic simulation package designed to handle large road networks simple client for uploading text to a haste-server (hastebin) a curses module player based on libmikmod canon scanner driver (for mg6200 series) collection of functions and datas used in the german wikibook 'gnu r' ssh private and public key generator in pure ruby python interface for c-ares terminal-based pop tart cat animation the missing terminal file browser for x. oracle java development kit (v8) for armv7, armv6 and armv8 (64-bit) a docker volume plugin, managing persistent container volumes an extension for emacs to show tip at curser multi lingual terminal emulator on x a plasmoid displaying the days of the calendar in one column. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - slovak ham radio - digital mode/hf propagation evaluation tool interactive 2-dimensional plotting drush make wrapper to simplify maintaining drupal builds. ros - rqt_robot_steering provides a gui plugin for steering a robot using twist messages. linaro gdb is a branch of fsf gdb that contains arm focused features and patches. amerika and america sans true type fonts by: apostrophic rest your eyes using the 20-20-20 rule deeponion (onion) is a new pow/pos altcoin that is most secure. all the communications in deeponion network is done through the tor network. a simple chronometer application. the command line interface that you use to test and update your app for the google assistant. voice recordings for freeswitch django-celery-beat enables you to store the periodic task schedule in the django database a library for cooperative threads in ocaml bash implementation of super gen pass script a python wrapper around the mediainfo command line utility ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) a library for large linear classification parse and construct openurl's (niso z39.88-2004) mpd with patches for sacd and dvda iso playback. choose appropriate clone utility the opengl ipython/python terminal command line calculator and numeric sequence editor mp3 player dock app for windowmaker: frontend to mpg123 magi (coin magi - xmg) is a hybrid pow/pos-based cryptocurrency. magi is also a cpu coin. a straightforward perl websocket server with minimal dependencies. photos managing tool the whois client by marco d'itri view and modify files,folders and objects in an akis smartcard a full-featured, pure-python tiling window manager. harrison mixbus - digital audio workstation common files used by ipa client chromium os multitouch input driver for xorg x server python port of the yui css compression algorithm. a classic 2d platform game - rescue your kidnapped son (to slap him). tool to ensure all dependents are properly vendored ros - ros package tool. a lean and clean gm/gs soundbank python interface to gbdes pixel map (astrometry) solutions colorbrewer palettes jwt c library tenes empanadas graciela (teg) is a clone of a 'plan tactico y estrategico de la guerra' board game, a pseudo-clone of risk, a multiplayer turn-based strategy game. vietnamese dictionaries for hunspell file backup tool using rsync and dar. provides programatic access to spam blocklists a tool for downloading fanfiction to ebook formats your scalable c14 header state machine library with no dependencies a free network protocol analyzer for unix/linux. git version android x86 atom system image, api-23 display the data in a vcalendar or icalendar file a python package to create/manipulate dxf drawings. the middleware, viewer and firefox extension for the belgian electronic identity card (belgian eid) cello is a library that brings higher level programming to c zeromq bindings for perl6 read, write and convert music files, with a focus on file formats used by dos games an astronomical image processing software for linux. (iris clone) general-purpose concurrent functional programming language developed by ericsson (headless version) ocaml binding to libtheora compatibility package for ffmpeg to provide versions 54 of libavcodec, libavdevice and libavformat, not anymore provided by the ffmpeg package automatically translate python into human-readable perl using perl indexers and cgi search frontend for xapian ros - a python-based implementation of the ros serial protocol. userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat devices adobe flash player (standalone) ros - provides ros plugins that offer message and service publishers for interfacing with gazebo through ros. chakra dharma grub theme. easily download, build, install, upgrade, and uninstall python packages (mingw-w64) ros - time and duration implementations for c libraries, including roscpp. a collection of boot and flash tools for xburst devices. the sam coupé emulator a reverse proxy that provides authentication with google, github or other providers. an open-source licensed type 1 micr e13-b font a grotesque sans-serif font by dot colon. ros - rqt_py_common provides common functionality for rqt plugins written in python. images in your terminal, using ansi and unicode. ntu ceiba data downloader / ntu ceiba 資料下載工具 a high-performance, lightweight, open source http server chunky loop analyzer: a polyhedral representation extraction tool for high level programs easily download, build, install, upgrade, and uninstall python packages template renderer plugin for mojolicious simple python library to parse and interact with unified diff data. enlightened sound daemon (32 bit, library only) a simple intuitive front-end script for gnuplot vectex is a svg vector texture plugin for blender a package manager for javascript multi pod and container log tailing for kubernetes interactive terminal selection python fire is a library for automatically generating command line interfaces (clis) from absolutely any python object. software to fill the tax forms of the canton of valais, switzerland abstraction library that comes between applications and audio visualisation plugins (mingw-w64) aac encoder frontend for fdk-aac library a sentry plugin that integrats with trello. fast and privacy oriented fork of mozilla firefox a programming language prioritizing robustness, optimality, and clarity library to talk to ftdi chips (mingw-w64) python port of libaxolotl complete stand alone driver set (printing and scanning) for canon pixma mx870 code editor heavily inspired by vim a free implementation of the server-side smtp protocol. latest snapshot. a remote desktop application pony object-relational mapper non-linux native codec pack. nuclei properties from the evaluated nuclear structure data files the web end of seafile server learn cw using the koch method neverwinter nights is an rpg from bioware. this requires the gog version. a fast compression/decompression library a gpgpu system for intel ivybridge gpus the post-quantum cryptography tool open multi-view stereo reconstruction library with simple and automatic set of tools a light image viewer based on efl free library for encoding h264/avc video streams (32 bit) fork of gimp aiming to add drawing and painting features to gimp. git version brotli compression filter module for mainline nginx a programm to detect a machine's vulnerability to the 'rowhammer' attack implementation of kinematic chains with geometry a pure module for reading and writing comma separated value (csv) files cross platform personalization tool for the yubikey neo - git checkout a sequence classification toolkit for python. keccak-based userspace pseudorandom number generator create your special device for a none-password sudo python interchangeable virtual instrument library python http for humans a simple, gtk frontend / launcher for mednafen, written in python. gui viewer for python profiling runs a twisted-based python asynchronous controller library for tor portuguese (brazil) thesaurus very fast mojo-styled accessors xerces compat for sun java fast openmp source to source compiler 4l: lacie lightscribe labeler for linux batch-run commands with zsh globbing and pattern matching ncurses twitter client message digest functions for bsd systems ros - package containing pcl (point cloud library)-related ros messages. libsigc implements a full callback system for use in widget libraries - v2 (32 bit) ros - tf2_geometry_msgs. a pep8 equivalent for bash scripts ati-intel hybrid graphics configurer free open-source sql full-text search engine. the parity bitcoin client a port of some non-standard openbsd tools to linux. a vim plugin manager a set of vamp audio analysis plugins developed at the centre for digital music at queen mary, university of london modern sans-serif font family designed by christian robertson and introduced with android ice cream sandwich operating system. basic, condensed and slab variants included. a utility for encrypted, bandwidth-efficient backups using the rsync algorithm. c language family frontend for llvm a package for processing text and character streams in an easy fashion plugin for vapoursynth: vcmod tools for working with categorical variables. the freebsd handbook from the freebsd documentation project. functions for server cli applications used by humans. port of android 5/6 (lollipop/marshmallow)'s material design icons to arch. an italian female voice for the mbrola synthesizer the ocz toolbox is designed to update firmware and bios, secure erase, view smart attributes, and view drive details of your ocz ssd with the click of a button. openfabrics alliance infiniband mad (management datagram) library convert pacman download url lists to reflector-augmented aria2c input lists. includes powerpill-light. perl package providing log::report or ::minimal portable open source library to import various well-known 3d model formats in an uniform manner. python bindings. linux mint 18 theme an action role-playing game set in a lush imaginative world (humble bundle/store version) "angry, drunken dwarves" is a classic "falling blocks" puzzle game convert oracle nls_date_format to/from strftime format strings coinomi desktop wallet beta. glide wrapper, useful for dosbox with glide support visual layout tool that lets users quickly design java application user interfaces (oracle binary version) simple blue arch linux cursor theme gstreamer ffmpeg plugin a monospace typeface designed for the firefox os. userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat savu devices educational tool for relational algebra ktechlab is an ide for microcontrollers and electronics. it supports circuit simulation, program development for microcontrollers and simulating the programmed microcontroller together with its application circuit. canon capt printer driver for linux. compiled from source code. a collection of color schemes for geany. multi-threaded compression with rzip/lzma, lzo, and zpaq as a fog provider, fog-aliyun support aliyun oss/ecs. it will support more aliyun services later. a password manegement software for gnome2 desktop. fantastic cross-platform music manager.based on qt5 ros - tf2_eigen. disk management service a violent, sexy, multiplayer first person shooter based on the ioquake3 engine (binary package) sasl plugin for gsso a gtk based contacts manager / address book - git checkout electromagnetic waves animations the symfony installer. a powerful spider system in python ros - cpp_common contains c code for doing things that are not necessarily ros related, but are useful for multiple packages. international components for unicode library open source implementation of the ruby game scripting system of rpg maker xp/vx/vx ace (development version) the griddataformats package provides classes to unify reading and writing n-dimensional datasets. one can read grid data from files, make them available as a grid object, and allows one to write out the data again. game engine meets a display server meets a multimedia framework extremely fast compression algorithm a lightweight llvm python binding for writing jit compilers one more version of a puzzle game where you select the same group of pieces. python driver for mongodb apertium language data for the esperanto-spanish translator. perl vm::ec2::security::credentialcache cpan module codec designed for interactive speech and audio transmission over the internet (mingw-w64) a line-oriented editor, browser and mail client. environment populator & command wrapper utility. cross-platform text editor an ide for decompiling/editing & then recompiling of android application binaries. a uci chess engine based on gull 3 fonts for the corporate design of the ruhr-university of bochum. you need to download the files manually, using your loginid from: https://noc.rub.de/~jobsanzl/latex/rubtexfonts-latest.tar.gz mencoder tv capture gui a complete solution for creation and editing pdf files - qt4 version ros - the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl) defines a tree structure to represent the kinematic and dynamic parameters of a robot mechanism. firmware for tevii dvb-s/s2 cards and boxes simple let's encrypt client. tzinfo object for the local timezone cmu sphinx g2p model for german parse css and add vendor prefixes to rules by can i use python bindings for megasync. (git version) an unofficial client of skype for linux, running on top of node webkit. an easy to use forged data generator for python fonts for code, from font bureau icinga web 2 interface icinga new web interface. a simple password manager for geeks open-source version of the shiny web development framework server a standalone mpd web gui some cool stuff for awesome wm hebrew fonts from the culmus project for latex simple xorg keyboard switcher for my needs. lshift for group1. rshift for group2. ros - server side tools for authorization and authentication of ros clients. virtuoso is a scalable cross-platform server that combines relational,\ graph, and document data management with web application server and web \ services platform functionality. this is currently the latest version available for i686 architecture. inserts location in your pictures metadata from a gps tracklog nintendo entertainment system core a hack to disable gtk 3 client side decoration (32-bit library) multi-architecture gdb enhanced features for exploiters & reverse-engineers adobe flash player beta c/c configuration file library (mingw-w64) webkit based html browser for printing. debian version number type for postgresql command line tool to keep track of tv shows episodes a terminal emulator based on gtk and vte with latest gtk2 release a library for making brushstrokes which is used by mypaint and other projects, with gegl support automatic pacman pacnew file merging using git rebase get out of my way, window manager! a free mancala game for the serious player driver and userspace for the bladerf sdr. cooperative gamma server client software that supports various hardware logic analyzers, protocol decoders library (git version) jaziku is statistical inference software for the teleconnections analysis plugin for squirrelmail. automatically enables a secure https/ssl-encrypted connection for login page if it hasn't already been requested by the referring hyperlink or bookmark qt process manager guile bindings to sph-dg gnu binary utilities for the msp430-elf target. python module for colorizing output with xterm 256 color support python serialization module lightweight development environment written in java. neural networks package for torch7 a peer-to-peer file sharing client with web user interface a daemon to control runc, built for performance and density an engine for running transport tycoon deluxe (latest stable svn build) an inkscape extension for adding audio/video elements gstreamer multimedia framework a thin wrapper for terraform that provides extra tools for working with multiple terraform modules a vim plugin that adds auto-indentation for deliberately poor style provides the compiler of the single-assignment c programming language. ipa dictionary for mecab. like font-lock-faces, but tailored for markup languages instead programming languages web file manager which can be used as a middleware or standalone app. - standalone version a free tool to edit and convert routes, tracks and waypoints. compiler-rt builtins for bare metal arm targets tail with regular expressions ham radio qso logging tool. glib-- (glibmm) is a c interface for glib (32 bit, library only) lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j6510dw epson printer driver (ep-302) wallpaper setting utility for x emacs major mode for editing asciidoc files fan control script mini web server that let others upload files to your computer a faster way to move around bash a tool to track /etc files and .pacnew files using mercurial a python http 1.1 client library designed for restful protocols. humanity icons from ubuntu without modification a multi-robot simulator for outdoor environments a spotify playing daemon song playcounts and ratings for mpd compiler for piet esotheric langguare, that processes images - unstable lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j615w an application to visualize and analyze live audio data in real-time. sharpens photos which are blurred, poorly focused or shaken brother scan-key-tool apache module for one time password authentication parse and manipulate perl version strings cross-platform gpu stress test and opengl benchmark. a tool to convert unencrypted block devices to encrypted luks devices in-place - git version git utilities -- repo summary, commit counting, repl, changelog population and more open atrium is an intranet and project management system based on drupal a tool that summarizes tcp/ip dump files into a self-describing ascii format easily readable by humans and programs pcompress is a utility to do compression/decompression and deduplication in parallel by splitting input data into chunks. rfc 3986 compliant, unicode-aware, scheme-agnostic replacement for urlparse versatile commodore emulator (development release with the gnome ui) go dependency tool compiler infrastructure and toolchain library for webassembly, in c speed up writing tapes on remote tape drives openbazaar client, decentralized peer to peer marketplace for bitcoin -- static binaries common files used by vte and vte3 none standalone web browser from mozilla.org with opensuse patch, integrate better with kde artifactory is an advanced binary repository manager for use by build tools, dependency management tools and build servers allows building your unity projects for the android platform tinyfugue, aka "tf", is a flexible, screen-oriented mud client, for use with any type of text mud. git version with support for atcp, gmcp and telnet option 102. easy to use screenshot sharing application (russian) program for processing stl triangulated solid meshes a graphical interface for chess dynamic programming language with a syntax similar to java and c canon ij printer driver (for mx530 series) collection of pgp filters for pine/alpine created by douglas barton. ros - mavlink message marshaling library. repository for chugins (to use with chuck) library that provides decoding and encoding of audio on a playlist. open source cloud & desktop ide mozilla network security services with chacha20-poly1305 get debugging information from xml::libxml nodes small c library and small codebase that packs an efficient parser and a configurable printer (32-bit version) a command-line interface for reconfiguring the ft232r chip the drumgizmo drumkit editor yoctopuce python api a wrapper for i3lock that adds additional functionality python interface to free mobile sms api. a roguelike in space. mopidy extension for controlling mopidy using generic input devices prometheus instrumentation library for python applications yet another python profiler, but this time thread-aware multi-byte character string decoder a high-level language for numerical computation and visualization a cross-platform, free design tool for the 21st century empowering everyone to design library containing computational chemistry facility of ghemical smime plugin for zarafa webapp ros - converts between python dictionaries and json to rospy messages. multilingual input method library with debian patches (supports gtk3 and qt5) convert pdfs to png, jpg, and other image formats. bitcoin client query library chicken egg: bindings for xft a progran to design bulbs of sailboat based on qt and libqglviewer a command-line tool to decode qrcode type1inst is a small perl script which generates the fonts.scale file to use any type 1 postscript fonts dracut module and conf file to enable anti evil maid support. a simple, fast, cross-platform, and object-oriented multimedia api the world's most popular development platform for creating 2d and 3d multiplatform games and interactive experiences. perl package for xml canonicalization a command line interface for amazon web services (aws) nvidia driver utilities and libraries (long lived branch) (32-bit) a gtk utility for computing message digests or checksums (development version). jack audio toolbox. ladspa plugins especially for use with ardour a simple, robust shell script that loads iptables rules from a rules directory. c# bindings for libsoup dockapp that checks mail in a gmail mailbox spanish fabrica nacional de moneda y timbre (fnmt) certificates tpm2 access broker & resource manager a ground control station and firmware for uav flight controllers vlc media player lyrics extension this library can read and update netrc files, preserving formatting including comments and whitespace. generate and sign kernel images for uefi secure boot header files and scripts for building modules for linux-userns kernel cmu sphinx g2p model for american english (unstressed) simple and secure vpn software simple and useful time tracker the gnu compiler collection for multilib (4.3.x) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine shell combinators library. a suite of utilities for converting to and working with csv. a python interface to the gpgme gnupg library (rshk fork) an intuitive text editor for the terminal. read and write serial i2c eeprom devices fits library and utility package. latex snippets for emacs yasnippets a free open source file sharing program that enables users to share any digital file including images, audio, video, software, documents, etc. (via wine) a relatively new constraint solver which is fast and scales well as problem size increases pocket casts integration for nuvola player. a japanese female voice for the mbrola synthesizer thc-ssl-dos is a tool to verify the performance of ssl by flooding connections z-stack linux gateway is ti's zigbee home gateway solution for linux systems. utility for creating dell bios flash disks web out of browsers provides several applications to interact with a lot of websites. headless version, for use in e.g. cozy/kresus. background application implementing the functionality of the appletv os hid driver driver for ceton infinitv configuration tools for linux networking, with multipath tcp support ros - rosmake is a ros dependency aware build tool which can be used to build all dependencies in the correct order. perl/cpan module dbix::runsql: run sql from a file lets you control mpd via lirc upper sorbian language pack for firefox beta a find replacement with sql-like syntax dynamic library to access udev device information, legacy libudev.so.0. systemd service for forticlient sslvpn light-weight, high-performance xml database system and xpath/xquery processor. a framework for building graphical/interactive applications. modular visual interface for gdb in python cerbero profiler is a tool designed primarily for malware and forensic analysis. it supports a huge number of file formats on which it performs analysis and lets the user inspect their internal layout. a script and python module to compare version numbers. use this to compare the version strings of packages, modules, really anything. an http library for gevent. simple command line json pretty printer. written on go. web performance measurement toolkit a statistics and machine learning toolbox for data with and w/o missing values tools to generate special dns records (sshfp, tlsa) gtk theme inspired by the name of silicon valley american teledrama. party parrot (http://cultofthepartyparrot.com) for your terminal python implementation of the secure remote password protocol (srp) a binary data serialization format inspired by json visual profiler for python compute the dynamic range dr14 value of the givens audio files a qt-based obs notifier application. daw and suite of instrument & effect plugins naught is a toolkit for building null objects common pyqt files shared between python-pyqt5 and python2-pyqt5 simple csr generator documentation for openann, an open source library for artificial neural networks. git version android x86 atom system image, api-22 mimetypes used by qt creator an qmake next generation of the python high-level scripting language greek dictionary from the openoffice.org project that works on libreoffice z-machine interpreter for interactive fiction games a gtk run dialog a lightweight osc (open sound control) implementation (with ipv6 support) manages the power consumption settings of a plasma shell. light version without networkmanager and bluez support/dependencies. plasma5 applet that displays a panel with a set of system actions panel indicator (gui) for yandexdisk cli client for linux. lightweight library to scan media 3d modeling & numerical simulation sdk - documentation tool to build and unpack spiffs images for the esp8266 microsoft build engine emacs speech and braille output interface connector of arbitrary file descriptors gtk3, gtk2, metacity and gnome-shell themes based on faenza an indicator that displays the status of the keyboard lock keys modular toolkit for data processing beluga is a functional programming language designed for reasoning about formal systems. it features direct support for object-level binding constructs using higher order abstract syntax and treats contexts as first class objects. full bitscope software package for oscilloscopes ari gold (entourage) [hbo] fortune cookie file a multi platform twitch.tv browser for streamlink prometheus exporter for machine metrics python 3 package that converts a page of html into clean, easy-to-read plain ascii text. better yet, that ascii also happens to be valid markdown (a text-to-html format) a fork of the default volume plasmoid with a windows 7 theme (vertical sliders) lightweight, gtk-based advanced audio player focused on audio quality. gtk2 version. device tree compiler a simple library to load motion capture data commandline tool to switch tinyproxy based proxy conveniently a text pager to display etexts, with bookmarks, autoscrolling and more converts elixir to javascript provides functionality for small opengl programs; x11 version a framework for offline forensic analysis of ntds.dit a high-quality audio editing and playback library used by libopenshot (git version) an acceleration package for neural network computations (git version) resolving dns server take screenshot selection, upload to imgur  more cool things an x-based interface to the usenet news system that uses the nntp remote news server. greek hyphenation rules the nxt reference software client for use with the nxt cryptocurrency a real-time software synthesizer based on the soundfont 2 specifications (development version) ros - common-lisp ros message and service generators. a tool to program and debug the silicon labs si4010 micro controller. simple python wrapper for archlinux's asp, git & makepkg a tool for controlling multi-layer file systems and containers. distinguish mirna precursor sequences from other (putative) non-coding rnas qt-based client-side and server-side soap component (mingw-w64) turn your javascript es5 code into readable es6/es7 galician language pack for firefox beta portable c audio library (git version) searches and downloads from newznab providers on the command line. parser models for the english language for the stanford parser. simple delightful note taking, with more unix and less lock-in. a fast and good-looking image viewer gtk application to manage words and sentences translations in many memories for each language. peer-to-peer network based digital currency (qt) strategy rpg set in the touhou universe an opensource computer lab management and monitoring tool - client side library with the primary purpose of providing high performance client server reusable features simple offline rss reader (including images) the gui for chigraph, a visual programming language ros - rqt_gui_cpp enables gui plugins to use the c client library for ros. a small program to control the slicing program slic3r with a restful api focus on your writing for any kind of story, even longer ones. reproducing images with geometric primitives cli based decentralized peer to peer file sharing an intuitive black and white conversion software with focus on a responsive user interface and workflow a command line interface that runs a build in a container with atc. text expander for linux synchronize pim data via various protocols (http server) a utility for working with disk images, which are designed to be flashed onto a raspberry pi. the game 2048 for your linux terminal extremely fast compression algorithm (static version) compression library implementing the deflate compression method found in gzip and pkzip (djgpp) a commandline utility to search text in pdf files. system and network monitoring application a fortran library for use in analyzing gromacs simulation output files an open-source 2d game engine which uses the versatile lua scripting language to create dynamic gaming experiences store multiple values per key, but act like a regular hash utility to find out the storage medium access time (latency) storm is a tool for the analysis of systems involving random or probabilistic phenomena a featureful, general-purpose sound server backup and restore your gmail account at will. a family of typefaces used on roadsigns in france. adds syntax color to log files created by sysklogd audio processing library for changing the tempo, pitch and playback rates of audio streams or audio files a simple ncurses-based task manager. free and open source photo processor a basic decorative medieval style ttf font by dieter steffmann an alternative to smplayer llvm (runtime libraries, installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.6/) the library for xine-dvdnav plugin (32 bit) texas instruments code generation tools (compiler) for msp430 varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko a simple, lightweight tool for sniping ebay auctions. gawk extension - interface to the libharu pdf library midi libraries for qt5/c. (svn version) toolbox for rigid and nonrigid registration of images pale moon web browser, old version 26 (still with the jetpack sdk addon technology, but not maintained anymore). unofficial new moon-branding. stream mjpeg frames from a webcam via http asus zenbook ambient light sensor userspace controller. the simple tty terminal i/o application a cross-platform application and ui framework (development tools, qthelp) (5.1.x) a threaded nntp and spool based usenet newsreader. a text www browser, similar to lynx (with directfb, x and fb graphics) tool to create advanced keyboard layouts in various formats microsoft azure sdk for python apache flex sdk documentation a skeletal-based 3d character animation library qt4 private headers for development userspace driver for vfs495 fingerprint readers dvbviewer pvr client addon for kodi glslhacker code sample pack drivers for tsc printers python library for the monero wallet trained language data for tesseract ocr engine baidu net disk client on deepin wine jupyter notebook extension which supports (some) latex environments within markdown cells shows the actual ip address of a given network interface a linux based sdr program similar in operation and features to other programs like gqrx, hdsdr, and sdr# official mongodb c driver (26compat). android sdk platform, api-23 running android in a container run a process twice and check the output for reproducibility ros - tutorials showing how to call into rviz internals from python scripts. ros - amcl is a probabilistic localization system for a robot moving in 2d. moss is a unix-based server for the myst online: uru live client a sony playstation 3 emulator add location to calls to failwiths syntax coloration for cabal kernel module allowing to switch dedicated graphics card on optimus laptops for linux-ck shared core for d1 and d2 database plugins convert npm package to a pkgbuild for archlinux postscript support for zathura display and configure settings of your devolo device plannermode: a personal information management tool. plugin for teamspeak 3. allows moving several users at once. parser for apache log (common, combined, and any other custom styles by logformat). mono icons for wicd network manager gui from/for roaring penguin's point-to-point protocol over ethernet client terminal-based mua for the notmuch mail system steganography application in gtk creates virtual ethernet networks of almost unlimited size. the clozure common lisp implementation the fm library allows to project systems of linear inequalities. the experimental future of ffms2. (git version) ros - pcl (point cloud library) ros interface stack. ros - ros-ified version of gmapping slam. the gnu compiler collection - c and c frontends (developmental version) commandline utility for samsung ssd pm863 and sm863 series printer only driver for the dell 5130cdn color laser printer client for heketi, the restful based volume management framework for glusterfs icedove / thunderbird extension that enables sending and receiving signed and encrypted e-mail messages (development version) this library provides a modular implementation of xml-rpc for c and c kraken taxonomic sequence classification system a sans-serif typeface that is pleasant to read on screens by sorkin type co toggle systemd services on/off from a menu in the gnome shell top panel extracts credentials from windows registry hives. a soccer mod for minetest a physics tetris-like game with bouncy blocks, requires unlock code for stages 4 tw, atw and high performance rendering with opengl and gles stop plotting your data - annotate your data and let it visualize itself. rapid software development tool made for creating cloud solutions. ham radio - maidenhead grid squares calculator xep-0136: message archiving for prosody rtbth kernel module sources for ralink rt3290 bluetooth, lomiu's solution. daemon for raspberry pi which provides an interface to drive multiple pwm via the gpio pins fortinet's sslvpn client for linux not quite c is a simple language with a c-like syntax that can be used to program lego's rcx programmable brick (from the mindstorms set). command-line tools for converting between messagepack and json ros - gazebo_ros_control. suckless tabbed modified to suit the author's needs efficient pythonic random access to fasta subsequences. doit automation tool a high-quality data compression program (watcom-cross) software for plasmid mapping, primer design, and restriction site analysis the cinnamon bluetooth module a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files (arm-linux-gnueabihf) ectool is a small utility that dumps the ram of a laptop's embedded/environmental controller (ec) basis for simple applications the freebsd manual pages. a simple userspace library for multi-chip sync on platforms (fmcomms5) with multiple ad9361 devices. a torrent generator a tiny utility to trick the program to believe that its stdout is an interactive tty a command-line program which performs numeric, textual and statistical operations on plain text data. cryptographically secure pseudorandom number generator various extra foils for mse. this one is the ripples foil gradient. equake monitors and displays earthquakes in your xfce panel ros - interface for using ros with the gazebo simulator. set::object type with coercions and stuff. dbus service for joining hosts to active directory and freeipa realms a simple input method for ibus that allows you to enter unicode emoji and other symbols by name adjusts the color temperature of your screen according to your surroundings with wayland support. (development version) a viewer of svg files html-qrcode for perl gnome internet radio locator python module to compare version numbers. use this to compare the version strings of packages, modules, really anything. an extensible window manager using a lisp-based scripting language python http for humans. cram is a functional testing framework for command line applications ros - this package attempts to show the features of ros step-by-step, including using messages, servers, parameters, etc. modern, private messenger. based on electron. spanish -> english dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org a small embeddable vm with a custom instruction set and everything stored in a statically allocated memory space. ppd drivers for kyocera and utax taskalfa (ta) printers ros - a metapackage to aggregate several packages. plasmoid for plasma 5 which shows temperature from ds18b20 sensors. ant theme for gtk 3.x implements a library that allows you to load an hpp-model robot by parsing an urdf robot model file. relational data browse, query builder, sql editor, schema deployment and synchronization. tcl extension for object oriented programming. tcl 8.5 only!!! translate c header files to another language closed source binary cli forensic imaging software by access data a fuzzy logic toolkit for scipy a data-driven parser generator for dependency parsing the exploit database (edb) an ultimate archive of exploits and vulnerable software - a collection of hacks userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat nyth devices ros - rqt_tf_tree provides a gui plugin for visualizing the ros tf frame tree. a module for very simple, very easy gui programming in python md4/md5/ntlm1 hash cracker web interface for browsing and restoring from rdiff-backup repositories. collision window navigation module for awesomewm a high reliable python library command line toolkit for working with arduino hardware. works with arduino 1.5 curator: tending your elasticsearch indices. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine chrono trigger randomizer fortune quotes from the shield gtkwrite text editor with syntax highlight written in c, gtk2 & gtksourceview2 (development version) an ansi/ascii art editor and viewer with multi-user capabilities decred data monitor rtl8812au chipset driver with firmware v5.2.9 interbase php extension emoji for python clone of the classic arcade game "asteroids" by atari a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtwayland) virtualbox vnc extension pack a command line utility that brings improved bash command completion from the history. it aims to make completion easier and more efficient than ctrl-r. application for renaming large number of files a technical looking dark xfwm theme an asynchronous web framework for c built on top of qt spend time with the people you care about. introvert-tested. extrovert-approved. python exploit development assistance for gdb linux intelligent ocr solution is an easy to use ocr suite for tesseract and cuneiform voice recordings for freeswitch data migration library for python (csv, hdf5, sql, etc.) sdf world description lib for gazebo digital speech decoder (dsd) rewritten as a c library a collection of utilities and processors for the python imaging libary akonadi googledata plugin the build infrastructure and utilities shared among the gnome c binding libraries large russian-english dictionary for stardict fxload from the libusb examples spotify helios solo - docker container orchestration platform in a container editor for manipulating pdf documents ros - rosgraph contains the rosgraph command-line tool, which prints information about the ros computation graph. node version manager - simple bash script to manage multiple active node.js versions (git sources) starleaf breeze voice and video softclient prebuilt ffmpeg-codecs package for vivaldi parse and format mysql dates and times this application is a small clock widget for linux desktop. takari extensions for apache maven distributed bug tracking with the filesystem and hg or git fuse filesystem using libarchive dash core (dash, dashpay, formerly darkcoin) is an open source, privacy-centric digital currency. (includes the qt-client, the headless daemon and the command-line tool). warning: unstable, development version. map drawing program from openorienteering simple tools for working with gravitational waves micropolis, unix version of simcity 1 rewrited in java moksha cpu module - built from git sources imdb::film - oo perl interface to the movies database imdb host kernel modules for virtualbox running under linux-ck-fbcondecor. official implementation of peercoin, the sustainable and secure cryptocurrency alternative to bitcoin - daemon. a reboot of the plan 9 mk command. bibtex parser in python a simple static analyzer provides an interface for turning line-numbering off python framework for building simple cli applications (free branch) ros - rqt_topic provides a gui plugin for displaying debug information about ros topics including publishers, subscribers, publishing rate, and ros messages. php wrapper to libgearman ensenso sdk and tools software framework for fast, low latency, scalable and fault tolerant data access. manage gnome shell applications folders. the ultimate runescape toolkit megasync extension for the nemo file browser a virtual network service for openstack - dhcp agent dutch language pack for firefox beta arc colors wallpapers international components for unicode library progressive multiview stero, generate dense surface form sparse 3d model. running jasperreports from command line opengl context provider for gtk an unofficial client library for google music a free gui for chess a high reliable bash library slight gray modification of adwaita theme from the gnome project. daemon part of seadrive php 5.3 extension for interfacing with memcached via libmemcached library xsl module for php automatically generates opengl shading language shaders that duplicate fixed function opengl behavior build autotools/autoconf configure scripts for python packages ncurses grep tool content package and metadata editor cleans up files in directories based on their age emulates the detach feature of screen theano-based deep learning library (convnets, recurrent neural networks, and more) sphinx theme used by guzzle golang command line interface for the mastodon api python2 bindings for megasync. (git version) library and tools to access the microsoft internet explorer (msie) cache file (index.dat) files distribution builder; installer not included! screen reader for individuals who are blind or visually impaired (development version) a z80 assembler written in c ncurses irc client. cli for docker cloud adds support in shell scripts to resume execution at last failing point. like make for shell scripts a popular font with an appeal both technical and functional, includes all variations library for the dynamic creation of images by programmers (32-bit) utility that merges httpd log files by date io:: style interface to compress::zlib svn version of the programmer's html editor written using gtk microsoft azure command-line tools container command module computational chemistry package the emilia pinball project unofficial version 0.3.2 with 2 new tables c cross platform gui toolkit a free, enhanced port of the classic fps "marathon 2" by bungie software flexible, powerful, server-side application for playing music. light version without libmpdclient, openal, ao, ffmpeg, jack, modplug, shout, sidplay, soundcloud, wavpack, fluidsynth, avahi, smbclient support. flexible slugify function allows python clients running on any operating system to provide ntlm authentication to a supporting server. maintenance page support for capistrano. a small program which locks your keyboard but leaves your mouse free the music player for music lovers scripts to make the life of a debian package maintainer easier (git-latest) convert comments from bilibili to ass format ( cpp version ) file system usage monitor plugin for the xfce4 panel greek dictionary for wps office eclipse plug-in that provides subversion support. transparent proxy through tor for arch linux ecmwf wmo fm-94 bufr encode/decode library toolbox for generating and solving optimization problems. a windowmaker dockapp which shows the usage of each core in the system qmplay2 is a video and audio player which can play most formats and codecs simple password generator easily control intel p-state driver modern graphical system monitor, system tray version a library to read and write mailboxes in mbox format photo editor with crop, vignette, text, captions, resize, color correction, raw file, filter, warp, layers, mask, and more. a client library for oauth 2.0 websocket library written in c some latex macros for pie chart by using pgf/tikz package. provides libdvbpsi.so.8 (older version of libdvbpsi) sauce connect untility for sauce labs testing read and write image data from and to tiff files c library and tools for amazon s3 access a french female voice for the mbrola synthesizer bowtie is an alignment tool for short nucleotide sequences against long templates a silly & effective md5 cracker using google search online/offline vnc password cracker. modular search for django. an opinionated wrapper on file system and path functions geospatial data abstraction library for python 3 legacy version python 2.6 of the high-level scripting language generates rfcs and ietf drafts from document source in xml according to the dtd in rfc 2629 gns3 network simulator. graphical user interface package. multi-user server for jupyter notebooks highly configurable framework window manager lightweight perl6-like environment for virtual machines, with moarvm support application which scans running processes on the system for given mappings (shared libraries, executables) or open file descriptors turns your realtek rtl2832 based dvb dongle into a 433.92mhz generic data receiver utility functions useful when programming and developing r packages. pure-python rsa implementation. old version for aws & botocore. a qt-based interpreter for tads text adventures. support tads 2 and 3, both for text-only and multimedia adventures. seabreeze is a device driver library that provides an interface to select ocean optics spectrometers a dingbats-style symbolic font that displays happy faces, stars, arrows, eyes, hearts, and more. a tool for 'doing phonetics by computer' (compiled with pulseaudio support) socket.io integration for flask applications a lisp like, general purpose scripting language. ongoing development version. a server who take temperature from tcp connection and save into a database osm nominatim api python module bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - libs and tools for mysql catalog a graphical front end for managing razer peripherals under gnu/linux. none robust header compression (rohc) library final fantasy 8 save editor bootswatch themes for mkdocs a kde service menus for pdf documents from dolphin osc2midi is a highly configurable osc to jack midi (and back) bridge for linux (git version) cli tool which shows weather forecasts from metar data compile and install different versions of elixir brazillian portuguese grammar, spelling and hyphenation checker to hunspell standalone web browser from mozilla.org synaptics driver for notebook touchpads (with led disable support) powerful build system for the jvm (documentation and samples) an open world survival video game. a fast paced jump'n'run (part ii - 'two seconds until death') yet another python validators header files and scripts to build modules for linux-lts41-ck. a new generation, open-source graphics plugin for n64 emulators restclient is a java application to test restful webservices. it can be used to test variety of http communications. polish language pack for pale moon browser foment scheme copy terminal output to clipboard a dns client in go that supports google dns over https openrc dbus init script .net deobfuscator and unpacker. nsenter for docker command-line stream editor designed to deal with csv data client software that supports various hardware logic analyzers, core library (git version) manage ultrastar deluxe songs. server for gmote (android remote). gmote turns your android phone into a remote control for your computer. gw-libretro is a libretro core that runs game & watch simulators official logos, icons, cd labels and other artwork for arch linux advanced doom source port with true color renderer sender forgery checker mail filter module, by acme labs a high performance network stack from solarflare. infiniminer/minecraft-inspired building game (with luajit, leveldb, and redis support) a versatile http load testing tool a python 3 library for processing textual data. provides an api for diving into commmon natural language processing (nlp) tasks such as part-of-speech tagging, noun phrase extraction, sentiment analysis, classification, translation, and more. php extension for interfacing with messagepack arcade history database file for emulators and frontends with more than 61000 entries structured state management library latex support plugin for eclipse ide bitcoin scrypt is a decentralised currency and using the scrypt algorithm - daemon i c u id is a modern library that provides a c interface for the cpuid opcode photo and video downloader low-latency vscode language server for large c code-bases, powered by libclang. netzob is an opensource tool which supports the expert in its operations of reverse engineering, evaluation and simulation of communication protocols. a library for making brushstrokes which is used by mypaint and other projects. archiving tool lpr and cups driver for the brother hl5450dn sdl roguelike with a 'wing commander: privateer' theme ros - rqt_runtime_monitor provides a gui plugin viewing diagnosticsarray messages. an alternative full node bitcoin implementation written in go gtk run dialog perl implementation of gntp protocol (client part) nemo action to run a program with bumblebee api documentation browser for gnome (gtk2 version) xfce panel plugin to show statusnotifieritems (appindicators) a plugin-based status line generator: j4status generates a status line to use with bar programs (like i3bar). it is plugin-based to allow anyone to extend it easily. ros - rosmsg contains two command-line tools: rosmsg and rossrv. one fonts of adobe's adobefangsongstd.r style. rethinkdb driver for c ros - message and service data structures for interacting with gazebo from ros. a perl mail-to-html converter a 'cron' like program for mpd. it can execute scripts based on mpd's idle events nd4j is a java library for accelerated linear algebra on n-dimensional java arrays a code font with monospaced ligatures bitcoin high performance blockchain database a graphical front-end for aria2 download manager with lots of features (github version). casio communication protocol 7.00 implementation fortran to c code translator (mingw-w64) timetable data for the timetable search engines by chaps: trains in praha public transport reagion (pid). a free karaoke player for linux, freebsd, windows and gp2x. compilation of coin hash algorithms. a blas wrapper library with runtime exchangable backends aims to provide a convenient and powerful set of functionality for one of phps major applications create docsets for dash.app-compatible api browser. go client based on qt 5 a tiling terminal emulator based on gtk 3 (git master) ros - this package provides a recovery behavior for the navigation stack that attempts to clear space by reverting the costmaps used by the navigation stack to the static map outside of a given area. reference elements with corresponding mappings and quadratures start a kde session with the bspwm window manager ros - realsense camera package allowing access to intel 3d cameras and advanced modules. a per-user emacs daemon service for systemd an experimental text editor, a relaxing mix of vi & acme. command line client to synchronize powerdns hosted zones with local zone files openstreetmap file format converter (.osm, .o5m, and .pbf) a free service that lets you bring your photos, docs, and videos anywhere and share them easily. (experimental build) standalone implementation of c mathematical functions ros - mavlink communication library. gtk frontend to the libexif library open source version of the scalable, non-blocking web server and tools (this package gives the old api for some applications) open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. manage x10 devices in perl a 2d game about building and maintaining factories - server version (experimental branch) qt5-based im client for the matrix protocol nginx plugin for certbot perl package to process all possible permutations of a list github-flavored markdown for python-markdown the macports command-line client a bookmarks manager with a html generator webrtc gateway. pspell module for php uinput mappings for asus nexus player gamepads linuxpps user-space tools fancy widgets, popups and signals for awesome wm a c bittorrent library that aims to be a good alternative to all the other implementations around (git version) distributed asynchronous hyperparameter optimization for python 2. bayesian optimization hyperparameter model selection a simple minecraft clone written in c using modern opengl (shaders) a virtualenv wrapper for the fish shell software designed for monitoring availability and performance of it infrastructure components mopidy extension for controlling mopidy through the mpris d-bus interface configurable library for formatting sizes for display script editor for scripts.rxdata (rpg maker xp) elementary gtk theme scripts for data acquisition with paper based surveys lets you securely and anonymously share a file of any size with someone midi sequencer for the terminal a media player and the successor to bmp downloads and sets wallpapers pulled from reddit.com a set of lv2 plugins to mangle, slash, repeat and do much more with your beats. ros - metapackage of rqt plugins that are particularly used with robots during its operation. a rss feed reader for the text console with special podcast support. as6e scanner driver for linux a probabilistic, flexible, and compact 3d mapping library for robotic systems. library for reading and writing a wide range of image, video, scientific, and volumetric data formats an applet to smarten up mate panels none an 8086 pc emulator written in c a file manager that lets you jump ssh vpn support for networkmanager enabling the use of the gembird sis-pm silver shield device family generic, modular, cross-distribution initramfs generation tool an open platform for intel sgx computational geometry algorithms library (mingw-w64) web application attack and audit framework doom frontend with oblige mapbuild integration for zdoom, gzdoom, zandronum, doom64ex and doomrpg written in angularmaterial on nwjs for windows, linux and osx. a hack that makes your host appear (to unix traceroute) to be anywhere a versatile softsynth plugin for the dssi soft synth interface a pretty clever command-line units converter. (written in sidef) nse(nmap scripting engine search tool libqmlbind is a c library for creating qml bindings. a tool for making hackers do excellent presentations epson printer driver (l1300) trace control client for lttng scores checker for undergraduate students in hitwh "drascula: the vampire strikes back", classic comical 2d point & click adventure neo 2 terminal keyboard layout tubo remote process execution library a python module to parse ds9 and ciao region files the robocup soccer simulator server the ovirt guest agent (with x support) an open source python rest api framework designed for human beings. a tracker for audiosurf2 a graphical editor for djvu documents ros - a common repository for cmake modules which are not distributed with cmake but are commonly used by ros packages. system menu, like in ubuntu parses html to produce an xml::document the world largest kodi addon repository containing more than 1.300 addons efl edje theme editor - a theme graphical editor computer opponent for the board game blokus pure-python postgresql database driver, db-api compatible (python 3.x version) an open-source implementation of the opengl specification (32-bit) ipv4 address conflict detection adds a switch for choosing audio output to the system menu. starlink tables infrastructure library tool set a c header library for minimalistic logging vcs/scm source control library for svn, git, hg, and bzr nethack online bones file exchanger record and play back loops museek, a daemon/server based soulseek client, resurrected. lightning-smart php ide. early access program. a 2d physics-based video game in which you swing large melee weapons to destroy enemies (game sold separately) interface to the starlink ast library call .net common language runtime (clr) from python syntax highlighting for dart in vim fifo library for lua a library to support generic input method implementation digitalocean agent for enhanced droplet graphs snmp module for php simple desktop pager dockapp a simple library to build plain text tables roguelike game inspired by the writings of h.p. lovecraft decrypts password stored in cmos used to access bios setup. open source implementation of smpte and the mxf interop “sound & picture track file” format versatile package to perform molecular dynamics a high quality mpeg audio layer iii (mp3) encoder a bleeding edge fork of labltk to implement new features of tk. a high-level language for numerical computation and visualization application launcher for linux teamocil helps you set up window and splits layouts for tmux using yaml configuration files. a library to work with hack.chat a sdk for building cross-platform gui and graphics apps using the ec language powerful commandline tool to extract and manipulate strings using regular exressions a specialized passphrase recovery tool for gnupg. change wallpaper from bing daily ros - metapackage that contains common tutorials. japanese geometrical retro style katakana font. gtk audio tag editor clang and llvm pre-built binaries a cross-platform pcb design tool that allows you to quickly design and fabricate boards. a simple, blog aware, static site generator. operator: the non-typewriter typewriter face. patch with nerd-fonts. free and open source speech synthesizer for russian and other languages arduino libraries for the keyboard.io model01 naumen softphone. software phone from naumen isc this tools provide you useful scripts to generate code helping to develop faster and easy applications that use with phalcon framework. a daemon for running scripts when a sensor is triggered officially supported php 5.3 driver for mongodb experimental qt5 version of clementine, a modern music player and library organiser. port of ifcplusplus on linux. ifcplusplus is an open source c class model, as well as a reader and writer for ifc files in step format. a collection of git extetions for vincent driessen's branching model. ros - javascript ros message and service generators. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-5890cn a free and open source tool for linux users to reduce and prevent repetitive strain injury (rsi). atari environment for openai gym a compression/decompression library for open watcom (cross-)compilation a set of humorous manual pages developed on alt.sysadmin.recovery deprecated - fastmmap cache store bcrypt() is a sophisticated and secure hash algorithm designed by the openbsd project for hashing passwords. the bcrypt ruby gem provides a simple wrapper for safely handling passwords. utilities for use with old-school dual head setups. n-d labeled arrays and datasets in python uefi shell v2 - from tianocore edk2 - git version system and service manager (x32 abi) a simple graphical program that can be used to classify words in a language system information tool like hardinfo, sysinfo a lightweight and fast battery icon that sits in your system tray high-level multithreading framework (mingw-w64) check multiple mailboxes/maildirs for mail from the command line. a python3 recursive descent parser, written in python, which has a a friendly, easy-to-use syntax collection of custom storage backends for django ldap schema for fusiondirectory sogo plugin command line utilities for the mogilefs distributed file system a caja extension for opening terminals in arbitrary local paths (gtk3 version) this library implements the spake2 password-authenticated key exchange song editor for karaoke games r package for holding the database for the extrafont package the iptables stateful packet filtering firewall builder. a lua wrapper for bcrypt generate pkgbuild from pip packages a utility for reporting the color of a pixel. embutils - small system utilities for embedded systems thrilling combination of high-octane racing, smash-em-up demolition derby action and death defying stunts propelling the driver through the windshield! a makepkg dlagent which forwards requests to configured directories a script to build kde software from kde's source repositories gnu internationalization library khtml a lightweight and highly-configurable window manager compiled without the slit meta package to satisfy dependencies for jasper's google tts engine. video player that can display barrage-like comments grabbed from danmaku websites like bilibili.com,acfun.tv and niconico.jp. app indicator icon for keepass (for unity, cinnamon & gnome) a modern version of the original unix typo command. daemon that spins down idle disks access to many bioinformatices web services and framework implement wsdl/soap and rest wrappers text document format for short documents, articles, books and unix man pages. lightweight multi-platform, multi-architecture assembler framework a last.fm/audioscrobbler component for foobar2000 soundsense is a sound-engine tool for dwarf fortress. gnome frontends to networkmanager for gtk2 ported by jlindgren90 mozilla's universal charset detector c/c api solaris porting layer kernel modules. a pure python backend for pyvisa the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security with chacha20 cipher quartus prime lite edition design software for altera fpga's java api for parsing command line options passed to programs helsinki finite-state transducer technology (hfst) tools database of modular and hilbert polynomials for sagemath a psp emulator written in c accelerator optics simulation code, latest development release grounation x11 cursor theme sportdb-models - sport.db schema 'n' models for easy (re)use epson printer driver (stylus office bx935fwd / workforce 845) ros - a metapackage which extends ros_base and includes ros libaries for any robot hardware. retrieve list of filesystems and their properties motorola mc68000 simulator precompiled by the department of architecture and technology information systems (datsi) of the school of computer engineers (etsiinf) at the technical university of madrid (upm). a micro-framework bundled with server based on uvloop and picohttpparser tiny pop3 daemon designed with security as the primary goal trained language data for tesseract ocr engine simple pure perl http/https server for prototyping "in the style of" ruby's webrick a tool for communication between pc and lego nxt over usb gtk media player written in python and using gstreamer fortune cookies from the "discworld" novels by terry pratchett. realtime audio utility library aimed at audio and musical applications standard for recording and recovering computer data associated with the numerical solution of fluid dynamics equations pytest plugin to test server connections locally. quartus prime standard edition design software for altera fpga's. modular package data::perl - base classes wrapping fundamental perl data types snmp c library from agentpp speech recognition research toolkit a fun shoot-em-up in which you fight against hordes of evil space penises nvidia's opencl implemention for 'nvidia-utils-vulkan-developer-beta' java ldap client a tool to modify automatically pkgbuild python telegram bot api gdspy is a python module for creating gdsii stream files, usually cad layouts. home library with librusec/flibusta support compatibility package for ffmpeg to provide versions 55 of libavcodec, libavdevice and libavformat, not anymore provided by the ffmpeg package a tool for static c/c code analysis without the gui producer is a command-line quality-assurance tool to validate, and then release, your php library package. client tool for reporting oops to http://oops.kernel.org/ free and open (as much as possible) integrated sdk for esp8266 chips ruby/gdk3 is a ruby binding of gdk-3.x. basic math, geometry, and robotics, and other routines used in projects from kris hauser's lab brings instant messaging (xmpp, msn, yahoo!, aim, icq, twitter) to irc perl interface to the mpc (multi precision complex) library. cross platform .net rewrite of the popular autohotkey scripting language for desktop automation bring together your videos, music, photos, and live television a set of simple tools to run a virtualised linux kernel a module to work with countries and languages your space pod has been forced to land on a planet infested with giant insects from verminest. fight with your companions and survive the incoming waves of enemy bugs for as long as you can canon ij scanner driver (for mp550 series) an irc client for desktop environments. a semitransparent lightdm greeter theme access control list libraries (x32 abi) python wrapper for the java native interface. toolkit for databases with support for mysql and postgresql nvidia kernel module sources (dkms) - long lived branch an autocompletion/refactoring daemon for the go programming language (binary only) a libre cross platform disassembler a python library for generating rss 2.0 feeds. open source host-based intrusion detection system firmware for p54usb module none image block adds a toggle button that conditionally blocks/allows loading of images on webpages. automate and simplify the process of managing one-way read-only subtree splits. paratype public fonts (pt sans, pt serif, pt mono) extract data from json and convert to csv vim plugin and helper scripts to provide a live-updating pdf preview of latex documents with mupdf qwt library that contains classes for displaying values on a polar coordinate system - qt4 version put your screenshots to xdg_pictures_dir folder ldap schema for fusiondirectory nagios plugin pkware data compression decompressor tool and library (development version) dkms module for enhanceio block device caching provides an indicator for haguichi ponyprog is a serial device programmer based on some simple and cheap interfaces for the pc a free software (lgpl-licensed) encoder for the dts coherent acoustics audio format. c library for creating an embedded rest http server (and more) cube server lister high level email parsing and manipulation dreamfall chapters, humble bundle version sieve script editor for gnome, easy to use. ros - package for all inverse kinematics solvers in moveit!. virtual analog synthesizer vst based on the oberheim ob-x cloud9 core - part of the cloud9 sdk for plugin development https://c9.io convert csv to formatted spreadsheets and documents nautilus data files for gnome-search-tool a minimal, configurable, single-user gtk3 lightdm greeter latex2e package for lecture notes in computer science (lncs) of springer-verlag ros - this package contains a c parser for the collada robot description format. pantheon greeter for lightdm a terminal client for mysql with autocompletion and syntax highlighting create beautiful panoramas by stitching multiple photos automatically with autopano giga (beta) (trial version). a run-or-raise-application-launcher for i3 window manager. ncurses bittorrent client based on libtorrent with compact layout for download list an improved screenlocker based upon xcb and pam the next generation node-based heroku cli a portable functional programming language (sbcl port) kodi event clients (master branch) ocaml data notation firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - slovenian ros - octovis is visualization tool for the octomap library based on qt and libqglviewer. demonstration and benchmarking of the unigine 3d engine a bibtex editor for kde a curses front-end for various audio players. nccmp compares two netcdf files bitwise or with a user defined tolerance a library to provide abstract access to various archives (32 bit) converts a bunch of eml files into one mbox file a python framework for processing seismological data build and run docker containers leveraging nvidia gpus a command line xdg compliant launcher ros - an example controller manager plugin for moveit. convert matplotlib figures into tikz/pgfplots tools for authors of ppx rewriters and other syntactic tools groove integration for nuvola player. a simple timer extension for gnome-shell data files for nuclear shell effects in incl/abla hadronic mode closed source plugins for mattercontrol a wireshark dissector for the zeromq transfer protocol multivariate pattern analysis a light-weight process isolation tool, making use of linux namespaces and seccomp-bpf syscall filters (with help of the kafel bpf language) a mobile-first webrtc client framework for building native apps portable bandwidth monitor and rate estimator epson printer driver (stylus photo px650, tx650, tx659) nunit 3 console runner flask-oauthlib is an extension to flask that allows you to interact with remote oauth enabled applications ros - messages relating to the ros computation graph. a python module for easily building good multi-command scripts moksha radiance from git sources supports generation of arbitrary order instances of the lagrange elements on lines, triangles, and tetrahedra. a module for merging hierarchies using the c3 algorithm guide following keys to an input key sequence automatically and dynamically in emacs. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - bosnian arc kde wallpapers grive tools will assist in the installation and setup of google drive under gtk an open-source, non-linear video editor for linux based on mlt framework (bzr version) additional support for xa, internationalization, and rowset operations under jdbc simple alsa volume control for xfce4-panel astroml addons package contains addon code for the astroml package. astroml is a python module for machine learning and data mining built on numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, and matplotlib. a very simple tool to mock external modules tegra recovery mode tool; communicates with tegra boot rom to download code over usb perl extension for comparing xml documents. date based file organizer tools to establish an ipv6 slip tunnel interface musepack decoder/encoder tools. (svn version) mobilerobots advanced robot interface for applications. a c library for mobilerobots/activmedia platforms. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-lts44 kernel a chinese calendar toolkit which supports four pillars (sizhu) lookup. preview image generator plugin for blender files. latest version from upstream git library for multiple wifi led vendors. plotting package which outputs to postscript, png, gif, and others, without any x or latex depencies. modrana is a flexible gps navigation software for (not only) mobile linux devices. bash client to update dynamic dns at freedns.afraid.org a dark gtk3-gtk2 theme with a wild streak of electric blue collection of programs used to colour the output of other programs linux support for rf24 radio modules launcher, file manager, one-way terminal android x86_64 system image, api-23 pseudo assembly/cpu-simulator for educational purposes - qt-version free & open-source counterpart of activestate komodo ide - xul based asynchronous networking, threading, and notification framework for lua 5.1 prints various statistics for x-ray detector software output. provides a software api for reading and writing tide constituent database (tcd) files open source internal multi-hack for counter-strike: global offensive a kde utility similar to jing or skitch to take and edit screenshots platform-independent tool for authenticode signing of pe/cab/msi files webcam application featuring various image filters a completely free drop-in replacement for mpg123 python project template generator with batteries included emacs major mode for flex a midi network gateway via udp/ip multicast free implementation of the .net platform including runtime and compiler ros - the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl) defines a tree structure to represent the kinematic and dynamic parameters of a robot mechanism. using berkeleydb for cache italian mbrola voices for festival mmix documentation lua binding of google's snappy compressor. perl6 superglue for web frameworks and web servers this package provides all cups wrapper drivers for models hl-4040cn hl-4040cdn hl-4050cdn hl-4070cdw mfc-9440cn mfc-9450cdn mfc-9840cdw dcp-9040cn dcp-9042cdn dcp-9045cdn eiskaltdc core. (git version) a system for generating random text from grammars. upnp audio control point build molecules out of single atoms web service api to musicbrainz database, pre-1.0 version. keymap handling library for toolkits and window systems a simple systemd configurations for guest user support rc file (dotfiles) management command line script to keep usernames and passwords in gnupg encrypted text files neovim client library and gui, in qt5. a non free dbms python package for numerical calculations on tight-binding models with a strong focus on quantum transport lightweight pdf document viewer package for preparing papers in the journal monthly notices of the royal astronomical society simulate x11 mouse events from keyboard this extension is a librdkafka binding providing a working client for kafka 0.8, 0.9, 0.10 git made easy ytplmp4 - youtube playlist to mp3. download single songs or playlists from youtube and soundcloud. curl-based web monitoring plugin for nagios library to access blu-ray disks for video playback. (git version) an image editor that allows for easy low polygon vectors firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - khmer snappy compression console utilite a modern, fast web-mail client with user-friendly encryption and privacy features. program made to calculate values within latex files before typesetting the epanet toolkit allows researchers to use the simulation engine within other applications, such as optimisation algorithms. wx - interface to the wxwidgets gui toolkit freeze screen regularly to help prevent repetitive strain injury (rsi) and protect the eyes. plugin for vapoursynth: histogram (git version) software synthesizer emulating pre-gm midi devices such as the roland mt-32, cm-32l, cm-64 and lapc-i console user interface for managing virtual machines visual diff and merge tool python library & console tool for controlling xiaomi vacuum cleaner robot java bindings for open source implementation of jpegxr (git version) abstract puzzle game. themes, graphics and icons for lxqt scans for non-zero free blocks in an ext2 filesystem and fills them with zeroes libraries of the fmodex audio engine virtual filesystem implementation for gio, nosystemd version monitor a shared directory and automatically adjust file ownership and permissions. gcviewer is a little tool that visualizes verbose gc output generated by sun, ibm, hp and bea java virtual machines. font dialog widget advanced doom source port with opengl support streaming torrent client for node.js blas-like library instantiation software framework by the science of high-performance computing group a wysiwyg text editor that aims at bringing the concept of a wiki to the desktop. a cinnamon theme ssh client which uses ssl proxies to establish anonymous connections automatic c header to d module translator circular double linked list implementation in standard iso-c11 a selection of themes for gtk3, gnome-shell and more. adds task icons grouped by workspace to the panel. generate 2d barcodes from password-store entries a strongly-typed functional programming language that compiles to javascript a vim plug-in which expands abbreviations, similar to emmet. an easy to use, powerful, and reliable system to process and distribute data. mkinitpio hook to decrypt /rootkey.gpg, which is then fowarded to cryptsetup's hook encrypt for root decryption, usefull to boot from a non-encrypted usb key. an electron application for wechat the runtime library "msrestazure" for autorest generated python clients. a sequence aligner based on short read mapping with gaps a package of language independent tools that indexes program identifiers, literal numbers, or words of human-readable text. qwt library that contains classes for displaying values on a polar coordinate system an intelligent ide for java, groovy and other programming languages with advanced refactoring features intensely focused on developer productivity. ros - pcl (point cloud library) ros interface stack. japanese locale for keepass graphical frontend for macaon nlp tools the core library of the gtk2hs suite of libraries for haskell based on gtk. a liquid tag for jekyll to indicate the last time a file was modified. fast paced 2d air combat game from vlambeer gnu c library (armv8l-linux-gnueabihf) python library for solar physics warcraft2 mod that allows you to play warcraft2 with the stratagus engine web scraping toolkit using html and css selectors or xpath expressions ros - rosbuild contains scripts for managing the cmake-based build system for ros. digital audio interface for pure vim syntax support for the dependently-typed idris language. 32bit xcb-util-keysyms ibus engine module for libthai tools for running coredns as a regular user desktop password manager compatible with keepass databases. an easy to use audio filtering library made from webrtc code ros - introduces a compile time concept checking mechanism that can be used most commonly to check for required functionality when passing template arguments. this is a successor of the well-known golded fidonet mail reader/editor econometrics functions including mle and gmm based techniques. u-boot for bananapi plugin for vapoursynth: depan. (git version) a c program and latex packkage to draw syntax diagrams specified in ebnf. routing engine for perl6 a flat and light theme with a modern look using green color (gnome, mate, openbox, unity, xfce) perl/cpan module lingua::en::words2nums: convert english text to numbers a simple gui frontend for zita-ajbridge a full featured cd/dvd burning application for gnome a port of the solaris libumem memory allocator bitcoinxt headless p2p node a free game like "singstar", "rockband" or "stepmania" (version from git) python library for building domain-specific languages and parsers a bash gui for yaourt (manjaro theming) and romanian translation added extends the ocaml standard library interpret and act on wait() status values daemon providing a polkit authentication ui for kde ros - polled_camera contains a service and c helper classes for implementing a polled camera driver node and requesting images from it. all language packs for firefox beta (meta) a basic decorative medieval style ttf font by a. s. meit this module lets you quickly and easily construct new packages. it gives them unused names and sets up their package data, if provided. a high speed static scripting language. official mega.nz sdk (development branch) library for manipulating sets and relations of integer points bounded by linear constraints plugin for vapoursynth: maskdetail (git version) build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) unicode to 8-bit charset transliteration codec pleaserun you're the tickle monster! you tickle kids to ensure they are raised with proper amounts of fun! game made for ludum dare 33 visualization addon for the well known network managment system nagios the verilog simulator an opensuse green gtk3 theme by half-left, shipped with an adwaita blue version and gtk2 and metacity variants an embeddable expression evaluation engine most comprehensive openssl module in the lua universe for lua 5.2 the elder scrolls ii: daggerfall colored terminal output vogo's keyboard for xorg 7 (czech) markov chain monte carlo for python python wrapper for curve25519 library a jabber/xmpp connection manager for telepathy with xep-0198_stream_management ruby gnome bindings predicting structural noncoding rnas based on archey 0.2.8, adding support for manjaro, cinnamon dm/me, and bug fixes binary ninja is a binary multi-tool and reversing platform prometheus exporter for mysql server metrics (binary, not built from source) the universal tag editor. rmail is a lightweight mail library containing various utility classes and modules that allow ruby scripts to parse, modify, and generate mime mail messages. a minimalist command line interface to mpd a simple python wrapper to access itunes store api usbguard is a software framework for implementing usb device authorization policies open source audio and video processing tools forked from ffmpeg clones aur packages with git linode api bindings for python 2.7 the butterfly effect is a physics-based puzzle game coccigrep is a semantic grep for the c language based on coccinelle. git head package version easily let-bind values of an assoc-list by their names an extensive 3d solid modeling system. generate a paper with important or fun information for the day generate font descriptions for neatroff remote packet capture daemon view mail for emacs esperanza is a xmms2 client written in c/qt4 and aims to be fully featured and easy to use a c library removing accents from a string a chinese calendar library in pure python a small and user friendly opensource video library with great potential lttng 2.x viewer tray alsa volume changer written using gtkmm plugin for vapoursynth: inpaint epson printer driver (ep-775a) python interchangeable virtual instrument library sphinx documentation theme that integrates the bootstrap framework lightweight authoritative name server with dnssec capabilities an implementation of the interprior-point method for l1-regularized logistic regression. a simple & beautiful desktop client for whatsapp web. hp system management homepage visualization and analysis of molecular structures; includes autodocktools, vision, autodock 4.2.6 and pythonmoleculeviewer (includes python 2.7) a library for portable low-level access to a video framebuffer, audio output, mouse, and keyboard generate perl6 nativecall code from c headers file a program to help create magic: the gathering cards and sets. comes with no game support. a arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant vim theme. this software was created as a linux replacement for fender fuse software for fender mustang guitar amplifier. a useful adaptive prompt for bash & zsh an online radio streaming player that runs on a linux system tray. forms management editor for amateur radio standard message formats a service menu to put the path of a file or directory into the klipper queue traditional cli for postcss. tools for manipulating biological data, particularly multiple sequence alignments the amdgpu pro x.org video driver library for factoring large integers a command line tool for html5 markup validation python 3 bindings for lvm proprietary pic c compiler by ccs a lightweight and fast battery icon that sits in your system tray flex for building android. 2.6 doesn't play well when building. imports your commits from a repository into git-stats history. tls sni proxy ros - provides robot, sensor implementation, using nodelets for stdr_server to load them. portable and efficient c programming interface (api) to determine the call-chain of a program free version of the ssh connectivity tools with selinux support irc client daemon counter codes of practice report processing a pinentry program with the charm of dmenu gridcoin is a cryptocurrency that helps science via boinc - daemon fuzzy-completion for finding files. c library that generates totp and hotp parses .eventlog files emitted by ghc 6.12.1 and later. includes the ghc-events tool permitting, in particular, to dump an event log file as text. a udt wrapper for rsync that improves throughput of large dataset transfers over long distances. tracker program for composing music for the c64 sid chip python lib for using geometric objects as matplotlib paths and patches. advanced key-value store (x32 abi) embed dockbarx in the xfce4-panel a qt tool for drawing entity-relationship diagrams. perl/cpan module schedule::at: os independent interface to the unix 'at' command lightdm greeter that shows 3d avatars that the user can click on to login with midi controllable beat slicer kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the cloudabi-linux kernel "broken sword 2.5: the return of the templars" is a graphical point-and-click adventure game devel::stacktrace  padwalker a computer algebra system (pre-release version) designed specifically for the solution of problems encountered in field theory. arch linux branded theme adapted from opensuse leap 42.1 utility libraries for xc binding - convenience functions for the render extension (32-bit) php extension and application repository high performance message passing library (mpi) with cuda support machine learning library based on theano provides a uniform layer to support pyqt4, pyqt5 and pyside with a single codebase french translation for ultravnc viewer r package with tools for using fonts other than the standard postscript fonts adol-c automatic differentiation library a simple, dark, flat theme. it uses symbols instead of changing the shape of the cursor. the icon programming language a set of high-level abstractions for django forms simple commandline tool to use the pomodoro technique a game in which you must divide polygons into the rigth number of equal parts. a spin-off of qucs that supports other free spice circuit simulators like ngspice with the same qucs gui logger pro for linux public beta from vernier software sogo account management a linter for yaml files. a minimal installation suitable for complete per-user customization with the built-in eclipse package manager extracts data points from images of graphs new icons from linuxmint 18 inspired by the moka icon set bug tracking, issue tracking and project management software extra themes for icewm (too large to include in icewm distribution) standalone web browser from mozilla.org - eme free release wireless download from your nikon/sony/canon camera (for python 2.x) bash unit testing enterprise edition framework for professionals a leap motion based mouse in python. a c api for sqlite. library for accessing fat filesystems from nintendo ds homebrew a cross-platform library for usb video devices chromecast media streamer for linux an openbox pipe menu for the management of removable media with udisks a simple, flat, and bold gtk theme for solus os and budgie desktop capture, analyse, record and monitor video security cameras provides an easy-to-use pki library for pki enabled application development inkpot, a dark scheme for gui and 88/256 colour terms icons, font and wallpapers for justbrowsing byte calculator for storage conversions and calculations. chakra plasma 5 look & feel theme files pkcs#11 module for tpm 2.0 a library designed for decoding and generation of mpeg ts and dvb psi tables according to standards iso/iec 13818 and itu-t h.222.0 a fast, drop-in replacement of the built-in asyncio event loop. python2 bindings for glib/gobject/gio/gtk touchscreen driver for egalax (eeti) devices convert restructured text to pdf via reportlab. modular, multithreaded, high performance webapplicationserver for c analog clock an open-source time-series database optimized for fast ingest and complex queries. a tool to visualize tree of widgets in a qt application android sdk sources, api-21 abstract representation of a filesystem layout the gnu compiler collection for the mips architecture a powerful and productive integrated development environment (ide) for r programming language a waf tool to install gnome-shell extensions graphical front end for xcompmgr math classes and functions for robot applications a dynamic binary instrumentation framework hexchat plugin for javascript scripts an rpg character generator. integrates jquery colorpicker with the django admin alternative client for google hangouts written in pyqt in-process task scheduler with cron-like capabilities calculate the geographical distance (in kilometers or miles) between 2 points with extreme accuracy. base class for non-moose roles display ditroff output qt gui for avidemux. (git version) an html5 parsing library in pure c99 a port of kde qt style plastik, which does not depend on any kde libraries a testing framework plugin for eclipse ide inspired by junit and nunit mtp kio slave - access mtp devices in dolphin or konqueror fetch twse stock data support for physical quantities with units, based on numpy acrobatic racing game an algorithm used to perform lossless data compression a simple aur helper in ruby firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - burmese ros - time and duration implementations for c libraries, including roscpp. a collection of command-line utilities that are used for maintaining and administering mysql servers c/c ide. free 30-day trial. iop is the digital currency from the internet of people that enables instant payments to anyone, anywhere in the world. some 200 fonts from classic video games. a simple hibernation daemon advanced dicom viewer and dicomizer simple command line tool to record jack audio output to a file the missing man-like tool for windows api libretro implementation of snes9x next. (super nintendo entertainment system) c quality metrics a latex2e class to emulate the astrophysical journal (apj) page layout a general-purpose low-level c library. game of automation and programming in a voxel world scanner button daemon looking for scanner button pressed tcl/gtk bindings minetest mod for animalmaterials containing resources to be used for mobs and animals libretro implementation of mednafen wonderswan to libretro, itself a fork of cygne. ros - common-lisp ros message and service generators. fortune cookies: monty python and the holy grail. jack and alsa audio analyser. a zsh do what i mean key. attempts to predict what you will want to do next. easy drawing of arbitrary arrows into an image or a new layer getopt() for the future header files and scripts for building modules for linux-ck-bcachefs kernel generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - paravis module generate beautiful changelogs from your git commit history ros - metapackage that contains common tutorials. command line tool and library wrappers around iwlist and /etc/network/interfaces. (python2 version) multiplatform computer dictionary software gui manager for systemd services, using gtk3 glibc plugin providing host name resolution via mdns javascript to python translator & javascript interpreter written in 100% pure python python binding for caja, to allow caja property page and menu item extensions to be written in python (gtk3 version) radiusplugin for openvpn - git checkout the gnu compiler collection (powerpc-linux-gnu) markdown lint tool a bash script that manages todo lists in ~/.todo apache plugin for certbot a file integrity checker and intrusion detection program. an offline editor for zeste de savoir displays a new background image daily frida is an interactive disassembler based on llvm and qt a lightweight and easy to use linux server monitoring service. a simple pager that runs in the notification area / systray with hotkey support qt platform theme aimed to accomodate as much of gnome settings as possible the http load generator build and deliver software with containers a standalone application to see what is playing in the your favourite music player ros - the nodelet package is designed to provide a way to run multiple algorithms in the same process with zero copy transport between algorithms. aes/rijndael encryption module tty driver for advantech adam eki serial console terminal servers configuration files to enable drupal 7.x or 8.x to use solr 3.x, 4.x, or 5.x as its search provider free lossless image format fortune quotes from the mentalist a wifi controller for dmenu technic mod for minetest an osd for opengl applications running under the x window system. this allows you to monitor your framerate and hardware temperature in games on linux! enlightenment modules: extra unsupported modules in git not already packaged elsewhere java applications for educational activities. intel igb ethernet adapter driver (latest version from intel) (dkms version) native python implementation of dbus for twisted umeplus fonts are modified ume and m fonts for japanese. python djvu to pdf (djvu2pdf) converter which preserves ocr text and bookmarks (table of contents) portable file system cache diagnostics and control clar's font configuration. numix theme for plank project management tool for emacs gtk 3.x theme matching gtk 2.x mist theme robotics systems commons library unreal tournament (99): game of the year edition. gog version. downloadtool for one-click-hoster written in python. nightly build of pyload 0.5 public beta. yet another template system for emacs - git version trained language data for tesseract ocr engine verify flac files ripped from cd using accuraterip™ python bindings for libparted puzzle game similar to sokoban or boulderdash a python wrapper around the telegram bot api simple cross-platform postgresql client. built with electron, react, redux, fixeddatatable. legacy sysvinit (rc.d/init.d) service for the cjdns-git package digital sign pdf files with x.509 certificates. real-time terrain rendering. display high-resolution geospatial terrain data at real-time. an implementation of the python language written in java prettify the ugly rustc messages robot - a poor man's bookmarks manager yet another gui for pacman and yaourt. depends on neither gtk or qt: only x11 skinny libtool implementation, written in c user interface builder for gtk and gnome. successor to the ladspa audio plug-in standard a port of plan9 troff tools to linux, contains troff, tr2ps (dpost), eqn, tbl, pic, and grap. python wrapper around the yahoo! weather, weather.com and noaa apis gtk3 port of the original rhythmweb v0.1x gtk2 plugin - for rhythmbox v2.96 and above fedora 16 (verne) backgrounds. free version of gish, a physics platformer tcl/gtk bindings, gnoclbuilder module passman is a full featured password manager user level (lightweight) tcp/ip stack with ipv6 support language-independent machine translation engine and tools to manage language data. battery status in the console powerful disassembler library for x86/amd64 python interface to gbdes pixel map (astrometry) solutions nagios check_postgres plugin for checking status of postgresql databases qso log signing & upload - arrl's logbook of the world (lotw) - git version a document library. a proof-of-concept rdio-inspired skin for spotify. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine brill typeface by john hudson for brill publishing house (truetype) notifier for octopi with knotifications support user role-based authorization action class lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j4610dw intellij idea ide (community version) with intellij jdk a plugin for gedit 3 to strip trailing whitespace on save genie project generator tool (a fork of premake by branimir karadžić) color the screen with a rainbow (x11 version) backup a directory of files to multiple dvds on the linux platform a javascript library for parsing, validating, manipulating, and displaying dates and times. mattermost desktop (beta) for linux (binary) ndjbdns is a fork of djbdns pseudo thermal view of png compression efficiency the marvelous gtk2 cairo engine (development version) a display-oriented editor for binary files operate like 'vi' editor a few compiz standalone utilities based off of some scripts that come with openbox. start dhcp daemon that dynamically creates configuration based on assigned ip address speech recognition research toolkit an extremely simple udp tunnel based on kcp padre::plugin::yaml - yaml support for padre, the perl ide yet another yogurt. pacman wrapper and aur helper written in go. pre-compiled. fuse driver to read/write windows' bitlocker-ed volumes xsl module for php ubi reader moves legacy tray icons to the top panel ros - this package provides an implementation of a 2d costmap. it can interpret g-code and simulate a cnc machine (formerly emc2). a beautiful, fast and maintained fork of nylas mail by one of the original authors. restricted secure shell allowing only scp, sftp, cvs, rsync or rdist kernel module for ralink mt7601u chipset wireless adaptors with access point (ap / master) support. required attributes which fail only when trying to use them informative git prompt for bash and fish this library is a single file header-only c library for creating svg files firefox dial page inspired from fast dial dictionary with auto-expiring values for caching purposes set of utils to manage linux lowpan stack a python framework for building desktop applications. a bash module for creating generic state/profile managers. an open source draughts game for linux an efficient paginator that works. free upnp/dlna media server mediatomb an python2 extension to the django web framework that provides comprehensive version control facilities algorithm visualization tool written in java developed at tu dresden robust enumerated type support in python. terminal-based automated file installer trained language data for tesseract ocr engine configuration tools for linux networking, with debian-style ifconfig output codemeter runtime (server and cli tools, no gui) a gradle wrapper wrapper to make gradlew easier to use poppler qt bindings, with patches to allow subpixel rendering via cairo a portable vpn client for linux with qt gui the famous wpa precomputed cracker, opencl backend (git version) a pop/imap/smtp/caldav/ldap gateway for the exchange service jing.fm cli client emacs minor mode for android application development a lua wrapper for bcrypt norwegian (nynorsk) language pack for firefox beta google calendar command line interface, modfied to work with the package: python2-oauth2client from [community] repository. searches through source code for potential security flaws a design system for interactive fiction based on natural language varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko a variant of angband build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) kernel module for openafs (dkms) generate a list containing all values of a finite type ros - rqt_runtime_monitor provides a gui plugin viewing diagnosticsarray messages. arch linux gtk2/3 theme for lxdm a volume control daemon. canon ij printer driver (mp250 series) free pascal qt4 binding library tool for testing vt100 compatibility of terminals french hunspell dictionary classic icon set from windows 95 modified ipa and m fonts for japanese human friendly input/output in python minimal html to epub format converter. client library for accessing soap services of isds (data box information system) ros - common_msgs contains messages that are widely used by other ros packages. submit audio features to the acousticbrainz project. an enhancement of the original freespace 2 engine - git version read data stored by other statistical analysis software. gui tool for storage configuration fortune quotes from new_girl a library for loading and manipulating 3d models from various file formats. cups printer driver for samsung ml-191x series mt7630e pcie wifi (dkms) ros - provides ros plugins that offer message and service publishers for interfacing with gazebo through ros. an enhancement of the freespace 2 engine otca is a script supporting you in quickly setting up a simple public-key infrastructure. matlab-like drawnow xpath implementation using jdom a parser and renderer for spintax formatted text handle long size data using temporary file . open source tools for nintendo 64 development potentially the best command line gister high quality music player w/ gapless support customizable weather widget the gnu compiler collection (4.3.x) network a/v in obs studio with newtek's ndi technology drivers for fuji xerox docuprint cp405 printer. rpki-rtr client library bpf compiler collection - tools universal media server: a dlna-compliant upnp media server for headless systems. build based on java 8. media center based on efl - development version enhanced cmake project manager plugin for qt creator graph-based 3d csg cad modeller a library providing some basic functions for sockets, i/o, etc. open-source software framework for live and historical bgp data analysis create elegant data visualisations using the grammar of graphics a suite of applications used to implement snmp v1, snmp v2c and snmp v3 using both ipv4 and ipv6, with lm-sensors support ros - extra nodes and plugins for mavros. integration layer between apple tv and plex remixed soundtrack by sycraft for use with openxcom full-stack javascript platform for developing modern web and mobile applications uses autoprefixer to add prefixes to css after conversion from less netbeans ide development platform in spanish udev rules to connect mooltipass devices a slender monospace typeface. shape: default. minetest animals modpack (mobf example mobs) high-level, high-performance, dynamic programming language (compiled with the intel mkl library) -- documentation and examples pull or push google drive files a python toolbox for building complex digital hardware node-based software application for generative design. opensource z-wave control anti-lamenessing engine - image enhancement tools removes dropdown arrows from top bar menus which were introduced in gnome 3.10. v4l2-loopback device dirdb extended to pass complex things to storable utilities library a simple fullscreen word processor combine and modify pdf documents and thier pages. python3, gtk3 version. modern task runner for php. ros - internal packaging of the 0.91 version of the simple python ebnf parser written by lparis. a sophisticated computer algebra system - git-version graphical login manager for x11 with xserver_ready command library for raising indicators via dbus advanced general-purpose media player. a fork of the original mplayer project freicoin distributed currency (based on bitcoin). desktop application. pure-python implementation of the git file formats and protocols input method development support for xcb international components for unicode library averia serif libre fonts, typeface a bit gentle from averia serif suckless dmenu with gravity patchset quaternion package for gnu octave, includes a quaternion class with overloaded operators an entertaining, action-packed game of strategy, tactics, and skill. shows an ascii graphic of the currently-lighted face of the earth. python package providing sphinx extensions and a theme for the julia language a high quality, open-source video editing, animation, and playback library for c, python, and ruby (git version) unity example project based on standard assets. visual studio code insiders: code editing redefined.. scene-oriented, flexible 3d engine written in c truetype fonts containing glyphs for the latin and greek alphabet common c routines used by gtk and other libs glc opengl capture scripts - mp4 conversion (glccnv), 30/60 fps alsa/pulse capture (glcr30/glcr60/glcr30p/glcr60p) finding .pacnew files, compare and archive smart and intuitive application finder, complete with theme and customization support. a timer that will wake your system from suspend to ram. cpan::reporter - adds cpan testers reporting to cpan.pm command line utility to use google services a python library for creating latex files (git version) a fast parallel implementation of ctc, on both cpu and gpu. creates colorful timebars from video and audio files, comes with a shared c library. inspired by the moviebarcode tumblr. a colorful, dark color scheme, inspired by ir_black and twilight. redistribute a stream from dvb on a network in multicast or in http unicast secure boot tools git powered ftp client written as shell script hack and slay game based on norse mythology slack api tool a beautiful ui to manage your vault, written in react elixir version management tool a program for fitting structural models to small angle scattering data a material design-like flat theme for gtk3, gtk2, metacity, and gnome-shell. this package does not contain chrome skin extension. a nicer git blame a xmpp library written for python 3.x addic7ed command-line interface panel for the xfce desktop environment with fixes for compiz python interface to cmu sphinxbase and pocketsphinx libraries a small jabber console client, includes features: ssl, pgp, muc, utf8, and otr virtualbox host kernel modules sources sansation is a sans-serif typeface by bernd montag, perfect both for headings and paragraphs. library providing a high level package-manager. it uses librepo and hawkey under the hood. jack output plugin for xmms mopidy extension for scrobbling played tracks to last.fm this plugin fetches lyrics from the web from two sites. ros - this package contains a number of urdf tutorials. dlib is a general purpose cross-platform c library designed using contract programming and modern c techniques. paul vixie's cron daemon, a fully featured crond implementation learn to type pacman by showing an image of a pam can when typing pamcan an audio/video sip voip phone and instant messenger written in java (formerly sip-communicator) c library to create, manipulate and render svg files allows you to change style, icons, font of gtk applications in kde4. tcp over dns. convert sparse filesystem image to sparse android data image a streaming media (audio/video) server client library for the my.gpodder.org web service cataclysm: dark days ahead is an actively maintained roguelike set in a post-apocalyptic world, forked from the original. (ncurses only) set of tools that can do recording of videos and playback, simple cut-and-paste editing and the mpeg compression of audio and video. 32bit libraries delta patcher for the higan emulator an object-oriented language for quick and easy programming (stable snapshot) help alex the allegator rescue lola before the humans make a pair of shoes out of her! ros - a python and c implementation of the lz4 streaming format. bugzilla xmlrpc access module neverwinter nights rpg from bioware. requires the diamond collection dvd. update pkgbuild with path to your dvd. calculate load averages adjusted by number of cores an utility designed to identify file types from their binary signatures mopidy-podcast extension for searching and browsing podcasts on the itunes store ocaml bindings for llvm input device management and event handling library code audit tool for python open-source multiplatform supported program for playing tabletop card games over a network. sdl image viewer for commodore c64 image formats piwik is a real time web analytics software program, written in php simple and clean c11 compiler this is pump.io. it's a stream server that does most of what people really want from a social network an extended version of the kernighan & pike high order calculator simple lightweight option parsing ros - rosmake is a ros dependency aware build tool which can be used to build all dependencies in the correct order. an input plugin for xmms that allows to playback media files using mplayer as backend. a python implementation written in python, stm branch, hg version a fast, drop-in replacement of the built-in asyncio event loop. use system libuv. build legacy-free os images lossless png compressor tor launcher and exit node chooser a stopwatch written in python with a clock and two countdown functions that can minimize to the tray. binding to the webkit library. google cloudprint proxy bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - tray monitor (qt) latex class for authors of the institute of electrical and electronics engineers (ieee) transactions journals and conferences. iio blocks for gnu radio a framework for writing networked applications in c. a security tool similar to tripwire with tk gui minimized build of digikam for non-kde users, without plasma/kde integration composable units of assertion ros - rosserial_xbee provides tools to do point to multipoint communication between rosserial nodes connected to an xbee. http client/server for asyncio (gns3) compliant implementation of the visa standard in a free software library microsoft cognitive toolkit (cntk), an open source deep-learning toolkit provide an interface to rgss (ruby game scripting system) archive files. filter ipv4 and ipv6 addresses matching cidr patterns maps for the marble desktop globe with restricted licenses monitor upstream for updates. a unique tactical arcade shooter, with the fun addictive gameplay of classics like paradroid and quazatron. (commercial) standalone rtl8188eu driver a gtk3 app for finding and listening to internet radio stations guest kernel modules for virtualbox running under linux-ck-fbcondecor. extracts fingerprints from any audio source (uses fftw for fft calculations instead of ffmpeg) platform-independent wrapper for platform-dependent apis simple build configuration and project generation tool using lua moodbar binaries and script for amarok international components for unicode library client for lacie u-boot netconsole intercal de-obfuscator pure programming language, math package -- interfaces to various 3rd party mathematical software use ruby code and libraries in a perl 6 program archive manipulator for gnome without nautilus dependency. (no nautilus) lv2 plugin host for pd, pd-l2ork version a simple utility for managing your lock screen on a tiling wm (like i3, dwm, xmonad or awesome) a pomodoro timer for the shell lychee is an easy to use and great looking photo-management-system. pokemon terminal themes written by gufino, this program produces disassembler output of .sid music files, so that you'll be able to see the musicroutine code. python api for pssl. colorful kiss helper for git workspaces power savings tool for linux rosa icons theme. asynchronous lint engine sfgui (simple and fast graphical user interface), a c gui library for sfml. compiler-rt blocks runtime library for clang openvpn helper script for nordvpn.com a fork of meow that uses whitelist mode with ipv6 support a pic language interpreter ros - small lib to transform sensor_msgs with tf. brotli compression library (static version) api for communication with boinc applcations. create a distribution for a perl script auto-detect the connect display hardware and load the appropiate x11 setup using xrandr. formerly autodisper. no disper support. xss filter using html::parser kde service to temporarily inhibit power management json::xs compatible pure-perl module. reimplementation of captain claw (1997) platformer collection of commonly used shell function oracle java development kit with dcevm patches sosi to osm conversion tool a my little pony themed arcade game with famous derpy hooves as main hero. development version. a free fully featured markdown editor for linux. - ported to webkit2gtk ros - turtle_tf2 demonstrates how to write a tf2 broadcaster and listener with the turtlesim. a cross-platform, gpu-accelerated terminal emulator libretro implementation of late 2003 version of mame (0.78) (arcade) repository of useful code written in guile scheme a phoneme-to-audio converter used by many tts (text-to-speech) programs the gnu compiler collection - cross compiler for i586-elf target a framework for searching and managing metadata free java flowchart simulator / interpreter mkinitcpio hook to boot from ceph block device command-line interface for high-availability cluster management on gnu/linux systems gtk3 configuration tool for compton. lsi logic megaraid storage manager suite a library that provides a qt implementation of the dbusmenu spec (32-bit) check whether vdr should shutdown the machine userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat pyra devices pachyderm lets you deploy and manage multi-stage, language-agnostic data pipelines while maintaining complete reproducibility and provenance. a protobuf-compiler plugin for common lisp omni is a geni command line tool for reserving resources at geni aggregate managers via the geni am api using user accounts issued by a geni clearinghouse. a python library for creating and updating microsoft word (.docx) files an alternative gnome menu, launcher, and much more! termbox library (ncurses alternative) a programmer friendly language that compiles to lua online multiplayer team based ctf 2d game, platformer action. osx-arc-white theme for gtk 3.x orochi is a command line client for 8tracks.com. classes and methods for spatial data a simple ftp client to copy files recursively from an ftp server perl module to check for html errors in a string or file stun server and client the gnu compiler collection (5.x.x) an application to work with markdown files. pinba client c-extension for php evaluate the quality of jpeg images (e.g. to guess which was saved with higher quality). human friendly http/https library for c/c a configurable set of panels that display various debug information about the current request/response. digits is an advanced phase distortion synthesizer sdlpong with wolfgang schäuble theme used on ccc bremen partys. python bindings for redland librdf. a virtual network service for openstack - bigswitch agent gtk implementation of wxwidgets api for gui with trenchbroom patches. ciliora tertia gnome shell theme. fast indexed python html parser which builds a dom node tree, providing common getelementsby* functions for scraping, testing, modification, and formatting batch image manipulation plugin for gimp. wrapper library for accessing the language model tools for cmu sphinx (cmuclmtk). python api to mercurial using the command-line interface mandarin chinese female voice for mbrola. real-time strategy game based on history, mythology and fiction samsung ml-1710 cups driver srs supporting library (mainly used in exim) c wrapper for pcre2 library creates gobject interfaces out of dbus xml specifications. compositor used by steamos "based on xcompmgr by keith packard et al." runescape client for linux and unix (rsu-client,legacy) transparently tunnel your ip traffic through icmp echo and reply packets. voriaetl: c stl complementory multiplatform template library cura plugin which enables printing directly to octoprint and monitoring the progress ancient semitic fonts including samaritan crmngr is a tool to aid with the management of a r10k-style control repository. set up a cgi environment from an http::request multiplatform parallel port module for python ros - low-level build system macros and infrastructure for ros. a webkit web browser with vi-like keyboard shortcuts running sushi, software to keep cookbooks, clients, databags, environments, nodes, roles and users in sync tools for splitting, applying and combining data a full software solution for 3d printing aimed at repraps and the ultimaker. a display sans for one paragraph (or shorter) length text: quotes, openings, titles. an extension to restructuredtext and sphinx to be able to read and render doxygen xml output. the popular logic game. a desktop environment focused on productivity, speed and aesthetics a fully-featured alarm clock for gnome panel pycha is a very simple python package for drawing charts stream based concurrent scripting language sportdb-update - sport.db addon for auto-updates (e.g. pulling n merging updates from upstream sources) skdata is a library of data sets for machine learning and statistics. this module provides standardized python 2 access to toy problems as well as popular computer vision and natural language processing data sets a graphical serial terminal google drive cli client nzb based nntp/usenet downloader in perl a python library to create svg drawings. xorg x11 geode video driver a high performance unix-based http server perl interface to the gconf configuration database the open-xchange backend administration extension run ssh and http(s) on the same port build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) i18n for catalyst the c* audio plugin suite (32 bit) openwmail generates a map of arch linux users data for frog. frog is an integration of memory-based natural language processing (nlp) modules developed for dutch. a software for the development and application of grammars that are used for the analysis of words and sentences of natural languages. a cross-platform gui automation python module for human beings jasmine bdd utility tool and commandline runner produce increasing/decreasing columns of numbers, dates, or daynames qemu without gui a clone of p2p anonymous bbs shingetsu chromium compiled with va-api support for intel graphics the classic roguelike game. user mode daemon driver for iguanair devices adds special features for media files to the thunar file manager (git checkout) gstreamer multimedia framework (git version) a utility to examine and validate certificates in a variety of formats open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. file browser for tkinter, alternative to tkinter.filedialog in linux with gtk bookmarks support. a unique multiplayer wargame google deepdream experiment a flat gtk3, gtk2, metacity, unity, xfwm4 and openbox theme a gpu memory test utility for nvidia and amd gpus. opencl version. a superb, monospace bitmap font (for x11 and console) with ll2 patch (pass the il1i test) and td1 patch (centered ascii tilde) an all-in-one script for connecting with 3g embedded php sapi library compares two latex files and marks up significant differences between them. git version. set of widgets for kivy inspired by google's material design. human-friendly hsl in case a command could not be found this utility searches for packages containing this or a similar command (bash,zsh). ros - roscreate contains a tool that assists in the creation of ros filesystem resources. php bindings of the sdl library. mono visual basic.net compiler extensible python-based build utility torguard vpn software stay private online with torguard's anonymous vpn software and connect to 37 countries worldwide. the canonical csound reference manual epson image scan! plugin for epson scanners (gt-f720, gt-s620, perfection v30, perfection v300 photo) a gpl replacement for the nomachine client x.org intel i740 video driver a module for looking up dns entries in python applications polygon mathematics deep learning library (convnets, recurrent neural networks, and more) libraries of the fmodex audio engine gnu c library headers (arm-linux-gnueabihf) mkinitcpio hook to shred keyfiles during the boot fedora 22 backgrounds. objective caml image processing library a font familly originally created for making inscriptions on stone. raid data scrubbing script with systemd timer to be used with mdadm. a lexer and codec to work with latex code in python plugin for previewing content using the ktexteditor framework adds a metaclass method to all ruby objects software suite accompanying nand2tetris course. gtk ssh configuration editor (git version) recursive descent xml parsing become an appraised bridge engineer and architect in bridge constructor a protocol analyzer like a wireshark on cui/tui quote selected message into the entry area obsidian 2 theme gnome 3.22 php55 google app engine extension an optimized blas library based on gotoblas2 1.13 bsd scalable datastore for metrics, events, and real-time analytics modules that serialize data structures a simple backlighting manager for msi steelseries keyboards reads a stream of points from a file or stdin and plots them. a c toolkit for superposition of macromolecules plugin for vapoursynth: havsfunc. (git version) program to read paradox database files and output them as csv, sql, sqlite or html (configured without "--with-sqlite" option) a high-performance 2d rigid body physics library displays python class, method or function the cursor is in on the status line a commandline option parser (mingw-w64) ros - roswtf is a tool for diagnosing issues with a running ros system. simple automated way for users to request new content for plex user interface library a free software implementation of idna2008 (mingw-w64) convert html to mediawiki markup a virtual network service for openstack - vpn plugin agent experimental build of telegram desktop (using system qt) blueprint provider for drush vagrant to build a local aegir vms viml linter command line tool for controlling pushbullet. this is a pam module for unlocking transparently encrypted directories on ext4 a binding for the opengl utility toolkit a simple and flexible master password cli client check mp3 files for consistency plus fix header and id3tag errors open-source load testing framework based on scala, akka and netty show information about your ios device a free open source test tool and traffic generator for the sip protocol monospaced font with programming ligatures based on dejavu sans mono. prog-express is a control software for the batronix usb programming devices to program flash/prom/eprom/eeprom chips rainicorn is a tool intended for use by rust ides. a centralized way to configure and schedule many different backup utilities connect to harvard university's printer network from an arch linux machine. language that compiles into javascript certification authority management made easy. server module for open-xchange drive file synchronization open audio/video links directly in vlc via firefox context menu the gnu compiler collection (4.5.x) warcraft1 mod that allows you to play warcraft1 with the stratagus engine (git version) command-line interface for the kde wallet blat-like fast accurate search tool; facilitates the fast and accurate mapping of short reads to reference sequences an mcabber plugin to highlight specified messages strips outputs from jupyter and ipython notebooks a collection of fortune cookies from the buddha's dhammapada a lightweight and highly-configurable window manager compiled without slit toolbar and systemtray nut is a collection of programs for monitoring and administering ups hardware drmr is an lv2 sampler plugin that can play hydrogen drumkits. a collection of common network programs a 21st century latex wrapper desktop app that teaches you how to use git and github on the command line. hbase - the hadoop database show cpu and memory usage and also various temperature sensors. ordered dictionary. a slender monospace typeface. shape: envy code r. a shared library for including a cisco-like command-line interface into other software. bacula - a network backup tool (common files) command line tool to control the led's of a lan9512/lan9514 ethernet controller xml parsing and schema based validation. the emilia pinball project strives to fulfil your needs for a great pinball game in linux lightdm qt client library ros - interface for using ros with the gazebo simulator. supermicro ipmi tool ros - automatic docking for kobuki: users owning a docking station for kobuki can use this tool to let kobuki find its nest autonomously. open source automation software with features especially designed for documentation and reporting. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the tmkernel-bfq kernel derivatives of the ezra sil sr hebrew font. dana's composite manager (not for production use) vim-ide implements a vim script ide with hotkeys and snippets from the same author of vim-{bash,perl,lua,c}-support a small daemon that intelligently controls mpris2 compatible players dbus bindings for dhcpcd a command line vnc client provides multi-host utilities to django projects by using threadlocals, middleware and simple utilities. using the middleware provided, you can easily provide multi-site awareness to any project. amazon s3 authentication tool for curl team app (ex. odesk) perl module to compile apache log format string to perl code a web browser for devices that dont need a desktop library for des encryption firmware files for linux a lightweight gui for pacman built with tcl/tk open source and enterprise-ready professional software for the r community a multifunctional scientific graphic calculator smart sql editor and advanced database client packed together for optimum productivity power manager for xfce desktop (1.2.x) a powerful bittorrent client. (git version) japanese incremental search with 'romaji' on emacsen (git version) difference list library for ocaml directives "echo", "sleep", "time" and more (module for mainline nginx) portable lossless data compression library (32 bit) tidy indenting of xml documents a highly configurable toolkit for training 3d/2d cnns and general neural networks python interface to cmu sphinxbase and pocketsphinx libraries utilities to handle gb, gba, and nes rom images editorconfig plugin for gedit tox protocol plugin for weechat rdkit - a collection of cheminformatics and machine-learning software written in c and python. rtlsdr spectrum plot / python fft gui for realtek rtl2832u based sdr's extension for gnome shell to set the number of columns in the "applications" view. python library for pushover notification service. (python3 version) browse reddit from your terminal nostalgia bucklespring keyboard sound, sampled from ibm's model-m shell script to relay gdmflexiserver calls, such as from the xfce action buttons panel plugin's switch user command, to lightdm orfeo toolbox (otb) is an open source library of image processing algorithms fast scheme compiler plasma 5 theme based on archpaint2 wallpaper a linux daemon to provide a proxy service for ipv6 neighbor solcitations received by a gateway routing device. a pure python bbcode parser and formatter. table of zeros of the riemann zeta function for sagemath add support for ticket dependencies to trac. a suite of speech signal processing tools. unidata various data format decoders development branch of the sheet music editor musescore data for marble xbindkeys_config is an easy to use gtk program for configuring xbindkeys. gtk2 version. quake 4 engine. you need the retail .pk4 files to play. the blindelephant web application fingerprinter attempts to discover the version of a (known) web application by comparing static files at known locations eclipse plugins for the java card development kit a lint-like tool for python to identify common errors quickly without executing code (git version) robotics service bus c tools ros - rqt plugin for monitoring ros processes. free japanese gothic/mincho font a xmpp library written for python 3.x ldap authentication module for nginx accédez aux directs et à une multitude d’émissions proposées au rattrapage par différentes chaînes de télévision locally install package dependencies php recode extension communication tool for the lego mindstorms nxt programmable brick steam cards farmer. tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor cli program to modify text based subtitles a tool for extracting files from network traffic dns notify message handler a secure internet live conferencing client takes grib files and makes grads control files a gevent redis based dns server with dyndns like api (forked from https://github.com/coagentpai/redis-dns) native (nofuse) kernel module for extendedfat support - use with dkms a teletext/videotext decoder and browser for the vbi device and x11 generate probabilities and quantiles from several statistical probability functions compile .po files to .mo files a collection of lpeg patterns for lua 5.1 serbian cyrillic and latin hyphen dictionaries free software that synchronises media players so that faraway friends can watch videos together. (server version without pyside dependency) simple database abstraction python mpd client library contains a number of wrappers around existing neural network libraries, along with a few machine learning utility modules. most functionality is written to be compatible with the the excellent scikit-learn library. secure file transfer protocol client wayland c bindings ros - hector_imu_attitude_to_tf is a lightweight node that can be used to publish the roll/pitch attitude angles reported via a imu message to tf. vcs source control tailored for database management firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - romansh a unique physics-based ambient game (humble bundle/store version) additional support for proprietary codecs for opera-developer yet another url library (gns3) a strictly rfc 4510 conforming ldap v3 pure python client. cross-platform which for ruby common development macros for gnome apertium language data for the spanish-portuguese translator. ros - qt_dotgraph provides helpers to work with dot graphs. knotifyconfig gnu ncurses terminal synthesizer mingw port of readline for editing typed command lines (mingw-w64) 8x8 .xbm icon pack for dzen or other status bars a simple screen locker for x modified for the gruvbox (low contrast) colorscheme high level chart types built on top of bokeh tools for communicating in the assuan protocol. ros - contains a node that rotates an image stream in a way that minimizes the angle between a vector in some arbitrary frame and a vector in the camera frame. monitoring check for various network equipment the reference net workshop - finite automata plug-in command prefixing for continuous workflow using a single tool. tools for the creation of digital cinema packages serves static files and minify css and javascript oslo logging configuration library an open source implementation of the diameter protocol support for spool and text transformation in tn5250j graphical viewer for gnu ddrescue log files perl module providing interface to the gnu scientific library os x cross toolchain for linux, freebsd and netbsd set environment variables with d-bus secret service support for getrusage (mingw-w64) a python interface to the akismet anti comment-spam api. a simple hiragana and katakana drill tool a simple mod manager for freespace 2 open meta package for jlink arm embedded tools from segger a slick and clear gtk2/gtk3 theme, colored to dark grey and red open source spaceship bridge simulator lua (5.3) bindings for im toolkit virtual framebuffer x server - bleeding edge version library and python module for pocketing and profiling operations ros - catkin metapackage for the turtlebot_simulator stack. a python module for management of a system storage configuration - python 3.x pkg offline reader for web content. it's especially intended to make wikipedia available offline. bash script for slipt audio cd image files with cue sheet tools to pop/peek lines from the head/tail or known position within a given file, and output to stdout. makes files into queues! an advanced django cms open-source sony playstation 3 emulator plugin for vapoursynth: videoscope (git version) openjdk java 8 development kit (with jetbrains patches) geographic information system (gis) that supports vector, raster & database formats low-maintenance backup/restore tool mount wikipedia/mediawiki sites locally via fuse a plugin to indicate the status of the ibm hard drive active protection system, or hdaps. the aufs-compatible linux kernel and modules matrix.org gtk client benchmarking framework for c inspired by googletest lua base2, base16, base32, base64, and base85 decoding and encoding. a lightweight rest miniframework for python. ros - python implementation of the urdf parser. a privacy-respecting, hackable metasearch engine compression utility by google, git version. profiler with a simple goal: being the best way to profile a python program. ruby/gtk3 is a ruby binding of gtk-3.x. a collection of gnu radio blocks useful for amateur radio convert textmate color schemes to vim, jedit and kdevelop/kate/kwrite formats. modern, floss reimplementation of the diablo 1 game engine. git-version *(engine and game data installer)* justext removes boilerplate content (such as navigation links, headers, and footers) from html pages. designed to preserve text with full sentences, it is suited for creating linguistic resources like web corpora. ldap schema for fusiondirectory ejbca plugin cgi and fcgi sapi for php cross platform chewing user phrase editor samsung ml-2160 cups driver convert hash to xml and xml to hash using libxml an open-source engineering analysis framework a non-linear personal web notebook gtk2/3  gnome shell theme based on a ubuntu 18.04 design concept. modified version of default kupfer volumes plugin that allows usage of a custom unmount command figure out the names of variables passed into subroutines. preprocessor written for posix shell the glue between coin & qt python btrfs heatmap a clock-driven simulator for spiking neural networks batman kernel module (legacy version based on compat 14, dkms package) signed 15.16 precision fixed point arithmetic client server backup system a support package for gpib (ieee 488) hardware. a package for sending push notifications to android and ios devices a kml library written in c with bindings to other languages dylan is an advanced, object-oriented, dynamic language which supports rapid program development. peak detection utilities for 1d data command-line tool for verifying the quality of a written cd or dvd a clean, legible sans serif font. xsysroot is a tool that allows you to work with arm images from your intel computer. a symbolic mathematics system written in scheme. simple text editor application for fltk server-based amateur radio net logging programs gnu radio source block for osmosdr with nonfree components, such as sdrplay, enabled. simplified chinese handwriting models for zinnia engine and use in tegaki xf86bigfontproto protocol headers a gstreamer integration library for clutter nagios plugin to monitor the values of on board sensors and hard disk temperatures enables m1-m5 and fn keys in linux for the razer blackwidow 2014 keyboard bios update for lenovo thinkserver ts140 ts440 the vimim is a vim plugin designed as an independent im (input method) to support cjk search and cjk input, with or without vim omni popup window. hyperspectral data analysis gnome document viewer, built with minimal dependencies by default but configurable. perl extension to manage fetchers of song lyrics. a kde-based library for accessing various google services via their public api nepal load-shedding schedule for terminal a simple vnc client with built-in ssh forwarding a standalone server browser for unvanquished. convert abc music notation files to postscript from the commandline nvidia dynamic fan control dynamic dns client with ssl/tls support epc (rpc stack for emacs lisp) for python simple fluxbox theme based on osx yosemite look web browser that behaves like vimperator tvtime with alsa patches from gentoo tutorial and presentation creation software, primarily aimed at creating tutorials on how to use software. polkit authentication agent using efl - development version a set of free sans serif truetype fonts excessive plus is a modification for quake 3 where all weapons are 'excessive'. a highly portable interactive ray tracing environment thinkpad configuration tools for linux small and secure syslogd replacement for use with runit utility to disable screensaver official mongodb driver for perl a gvfs plugin for the deadbeef audio player a helper tool for aur package maintainer to automatic update pkgbuild files - git version a small c library that is supposed to make it easy to run an http server as part of another application. provides com interface and additional functionality on windows unicode enabled rxvt-clone terminal emulator (urxvt) with fixed font spacing input validator a pure-python implementation of snmp/smi mib parsing and conversion library. can produce pysnmp mib modules. pacemaker is an cluster resource manager meta build system for ninja tool an open, royalty-free standard for cross platform acceleration of computer vision applications bitstream charter fonts a murrine based gtk theme which is simple, clean and elegant. ros - python implementation of the urdf parser. varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko a python spotify library ros - ros python and c interfaces for universally unique identifiers. ros - library of ros controllers. kernel driver for the piuio arcade input device truecrack is a brute-force password cracker for truecrypt volume files. repl for rust use truetype fonts in common lisp reference for developing with the kde frameworks in qt help format jsctags generator using tern cli tool for samsung consumer ssds including 470, 750, 830, 840, 850, 950 and 960 series a compression and archive utility for lh-7 format archives quake pak archiving utility. library for multiple precision integers and rationals cross-platform 3d audio library, software implementation (32-bit) a lightweight xcb based bar. dark powered vim/neovim plugin manager vim syntax highlighting for opengl, opengles & egl lenovo thinkpad dock management daemon pkgbuild syntax highlight support in gtksourceview3 for gedit 3 and others a modern irc server written in go. json view for your data a simple clipboard manager with a clean design approach. dummy script for applications expecting gdm instead of lightdm cli program that launches streams from various streaming services in a custom video player python-cmigemo is a pure python binding for c/migemo convert pod data to formatted latex optional sound package for ur-quan masters (uqm). includes voices and 3do music. ice is comprehensive rpc framework with support for python, c, .net, java, javascript and more. compression service for the opensuse build service (obs) trained language data for tesseract ocr engine classes for a webkit2 based implementation and a new qml api emacs speaks statistics: a universal interface for statistical analysis - git-version real-time terrain rendering. display high-resolution geospatial terrain data at real-time. a tool for analyzing the scenegraph of a javafx application vi improved with dynamic python (python/dyn, python3/dyn) and clipboard support kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-zen-flipdone kernel fork of clipgrab to make it compatible with qt5 a c library of designs, containing flexible implementations of common design patterns and idioms. output a number in human-readable format extracts cab files from installshield installers (mingw-w64) adds task icons grouped by workspace to the panel. a folder synchronization tool network indicator for wingpanel startup scripts that interact with the google virtual machine environment. a mass spectrometry–based proteomics database search algorithm skins for smplayer a simple daemonless system for broadcasting messages locally arabic fonts designed by jozoor team, working on linux, mac and windows a simulator for the hp-15c programmable scientific rpn calculator chrome-based mongo db management tool - precompiled binary from official repository urw and postscript core35 fonts with cyrillic support a gtk application that shows midi events ssync (system sync) is a symlinking git wrapper for [config] files. a slender monospace sans-serif and slab-serif typeface inspired by pragmata pro, m and pf din mono. arabic language pack for firefox beta blacklatter abibas knows ελληνικά and русский as well as most european languages. cli tool to scan block devices for unreadable sectors an open source network packet analyzer that ships data to elasticsearch (precompiled) a lighweight version of festival speech synthesis compiled with -fpic beer calculator compatible with beersmith. generates instructions from the recipe and interactive mash designer. a python and c lc-3 simulator adjusts the volume of music files (mp4/m4a/qt/mp3) using replaygain algorithm. duckietv is an application that takes care of tv-show addicts by providing a personalized tv-show calendar. lpr and cups driver for the brother hl-1110, hl-1110r, hl-1111, hl-1112, hl-1112r, hl-1118 a simple-to-use and -install issue-tracking system with command-line, web and e-mail interfaces. highly customisable. a collection of tools to view and listen to streaming baseball games from mlb.tv. automated comic book downloader for use with sabnzbd, nzbget and torrents brother mfc-7320 cups printer driver alpm package bintools smf player for jack midi with transport sync pacman hook to update grub after a kernel update defragment and clean database files from firefox and chromium based browsers. minimalistic mumble server; built with openssl a desktop and menu file editor curses interface for the daemon of the bittorrent client transmission gnome 3 extension to hide the top bar except in overview mode retask your jack plugs (eg. turn your microphone jack plug into a headphone one). reduces profile size by cleaning their sqlite databases. a small, text mode icq client. on-hold music for freeswitch kde4 dropbox client (with own daemon) c library for reading and writing files containing sampled sound ros - this metapackage depends on packages for interfacing common joysticks and human input devices with ros. wipe out unversioned files from subversion working copy disk config extension for python-novaclient linux key management utilities (x32 abi) check binaries for security hardening features scanner access now easy python library and cli tool for searching and downloading subtitles (develop branch). opensource cross-platform cloud based note-taking client a small and simple forking http server. cgi, ssl, auth, vhosts, ipv6. a low-level python interface to the glpk optimization solver. launch chrome with reduced logjam security to access sites with 'weak ephemeral diffie-hellman public key' cisco rv042 a uci chess engine (~3239 elo) mouse/touchpad configuration module for kde a dmenu based xrandr frontend library for decoding nintendo 64 sound format files using mupen64plus broadcom bluetooth firmware for bcm4335c0 based devices. fortune cookies from french movie les tontons flingeurs generate activity-diagram image files from spec-text files. a crystal program for managing multiple screens (displays) via xrandr. versaloon programmer platform is a generic framework for mcu programming. unofficial repo! a dssi software synthesizer that models the sound generation of a yamaha dx7 a flexible event and agent system with lots of bees command line helpers for fuzzing run openvpn without root privileges prevent leakage of lexical hints set of simple error handling utilities in c. apertium language data for the english-galician translator. extend version of pth with support for semaphores added. a ren'py script decompiler xunit based unit testing for unix shell scripts high-level api for encoding .opus files a command line interface for postgres with auto-completion and syntax highlighting locate modules in the same fashion as require and use library providing a mutable, self-balancing interval tree for python. a kde plasmoid for your system tray notifying you of available updates pixiv client for desktop a set of classes for core data, message and xml handling freely-licensed libreoffice impress templates a graphical user interface to create and modify quests for the solarus engine. a library that implements perl 5-style regular expressions. 2nd version (mingw-w64) atomic simulation environment (ase) is a set of tools and python modules for setting up, manipulating, running, visualizing and analyzing atomistic simulations. a refer preprocessor for neatroff. a double-entry accounting system with a command-line reporting interface a dockapp providing a popup menu of icons copy a secret key from gnupg's gpg-agent to openssh's ssh-agent nvidia driver utilities and libraries for 'nvidia-full-beta' a lightweight file manager for gtk a high-level python web framework that encourages rapid development and clean design ttcn3 test automation platform c mathematical expression library a gtk2 widget for displaying plain old documentation (pod). dotoutlinetree - helps you edit structured text editorconfig plugin for geany a wrapper for g1a files d3 viewer for matplotlib a super-fast orm backed by redis, supporting models and indexes with o(1) searches, and support for storing native/complex types and objects a free unicode plain-text editor for unix-like systems - beta version a virtual network service for openstack - mlnx plugin dockapp with retractable button bar to launch applications parser for android xml file and get application name without using androguard print several pages on a single sheet of paper. distutils command to view and validate restructured text in package’s long_description firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - uzbek ros - conversion functions between kdl and geometry_msgs types. the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. a remote server automation and deployment tool written in ruby. a tool that does lua code analysis qt 5 for android archive::any::lite - simple cpan package extractor a featureful, general-purpose sound server simple screen recorder with an easy to use interface (latest development release) a video and audio annotation tool an open source version of shell commands usp tukubai. gunpower, treason, & plot: dlc for a neo-classical top-down shooter (dlc sold separately) video player based on efl file synchronization designed with privacy in mind subversion output colorizer dc and adc daemon for eiskaltdc core. (git version) dynamic dns client with ssl/tls support nagios is an open source host, service and network monitoring program. typesetting font with semi grotesque traditional ukrainian forms ant dracula theme for gtk 3.x theme collection by kmaeda a script that downloads, sorts, and compiles multiple ad- and malware-blocking hosts files. parallel visualization application using vtk (with mantaview plugin, qt4, legacy opengl) vim keyboard shortcuts for firefox pyephem provides scientific-grade astronomical computations library for calculating chef differences between revisions perl implementation of the "adapter" design pattern z3 is a high-performance theorem prover being developed at microsoft research (built from github) plugin for rutorrent to use it with mobile devies (android, ios, etc) application to access danbooru-based image boards. (git version) a c templated sparse matrix library office game for laptop owners lightweight volume notification a wildcard command for shell pipelines. a fast and good-looking image viewer pyautobrightness is a very simple "calise like" program, wrote in python 3, designed to change the screen brightness using the webcam as "light sensor". ocr engine developed at hp labs and now sponsored by google. script to convert python3 code to python2. counterpart to 2to3 perl module to test for and flip the taint flag without regex matches or eval extensive hook for operations on a veracrypt encrypted root (or e.g. home) device an rss/atom feed reader ros - diagnostic_aggregator. use x display managers and window managers with xwayland and weston a simple, fast implementation of lru cache in pure perl libretro port of mupen64 plus gstreamer multimedia framework good plugins the pure data real-time music and multimedia environment a snake game with 8 levels simple and dumb file system watcher fortune quotes from married... with children high-dynamic-range (hdr) photo manager the espresso pla logic minimization program gobject-based multi-platform gui toolkit puzzle game with simple rules bayesian elo rating program a suite to compress and decompress tar, xz, gzip, bzip2, zip, rar and 7zip a bootloader for linux neatroff's hyphenation files (patterns, exceptions and mappings). bash script to convert video files into google chromecast supported format. frets on fire x (fofix). highly improved version of frets on fire (git version) open source mathematics software, free alternative to magma, maple, mathematica, and matlab command line tool for creating images xstatic-jquery.quicksearch feren os theme, based on arc theme. only works in gnome 3.18 and also comes with a cinnamon theme the free opentype yanone kaffeesatz font constraintlayout for android (includes solver) angularjs services for implementing the client-server api on matrix a minimalistic disassembler library cross-platform system that provides developers with an extensive suite of software tools for image analysis urho3d is a free lightweight, cross-platform 2d and 3d game engine implemented in c and released under the mit license. this is git version of this package. compiles xml schemas into xml<->json mappings for jsonix. an open source jpeg 2000 codec, version 2.3.0 an editor for openstreetmap written in java, java web start version parsing expressions for ruby the billing system bgbilling a composite of iosevka, m and source han sans. icon and .desktop file for putty password based key derivation function 2 (pbkdf2) for ruby gtk2 frontend for setpwc a pass extension for managing totp backup codes kawa is a jvm-based scheme compiler ring.cx is free software for universal communication which respects freedoms and privacy of its users (formerly known as sflphone) a chm (ms html help file format) viewer based on xulrunner. c-base x-scale font fortune quotes from the newsroom a software system for 3d computer graphics, image processing, and visualization (legacy version for visit). transfers data from the bittorrent network to another protocol (currently http) which is more suitable for media players. a tool for real-time spatial audio reproduction providing a variety of rendering algorithms, e.g. wave field synthesis, higher-order ambisonics and binaural techniques. a lossless audio codec developed by apple and deployed on all of its platforms and devices highly customizable 2d epg viewer plugin. role based authorization for catalyst based on catalyst::plugin::authentication lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j5330dw open source implementation (client, server) of the popular card game bang! make any program a filter token for gtts python api for pssl. python basehttpserver classes extended with authentication, ssl, and threading. safely access the rstudio api a personal information management tool for emacs from git props - manage settings hierachies (commandline, user, home, defaults, etc.) a sensible class for dealing with uuidv1 curses audio visualizer command line tools that assist applications with a variety of desktop integration tasks; patched to support slock lockscreen wikidpad is a wiki-like notebook for storing your thoughts, ideas, todo lists, contacts, or anything else you can think of to write down. [development version] a software conferencing system server which enables a group of people to collaborate and share information using voice and video an open-source implementation of the opengl specification, git version the new multipurpose rss reader, live stream, mashup, aggregation web application a virtual network service for openstack - linuxbridge plugin agent a text-based zandronum rcon client perl/cpan module snmp a windows 10 inspired theme for the lightdm webkit greeter gcc for the djgpp cross-compiler a tool to aggregate several remote shells into one. build tool executing tasks and managing metadata. pause music when headphones are unplugged a portable, open-source, coherent noise-generating library for c perl module providing site policy for file i/o functions driver for sundtek mediatv pro wrap git(7) command-line interface perl/cpan module crypt::blowfish_pp, object oriented pure perl blowfish implementation tool that creates a backup of selected configuration files and information about running system ros - this package provides simple support to cmath, filling in holes or redefining in a c formulation where desirable. a java version of the carcassonne board game. a simple alternative to the c stl that includes multithreading and networking a smart pointers library for the c programming language ros - drivers for orbbec astra devices. a qt widget that provides an accordion control execute scripts on imap mailbox changes (new/deleted/updated messages) using idle, golang version. xgboost python 2 wrapper xstatic-font-awesome cairo clock to display the time around the world desktop publishing software built from git mirror sparse solver library using gaussian elimination (sequential version) a sensible class for dealing with uuidv1 an ipython extension to make it asyncio compatible dynamically generates a menu for the openbox3-windowmanager that tries to resemble the gnome2 places-menu. provide a means of communication with a windows ce device - kde tools and integration a tool to reassemble installed packages from its deliverd files. it comes in handy if there is no internet connection available and you have no access to an up-to-date package cache. ldap access api for kde an advanced ham radio logger using mariadb - source version. standalone mail and news reader from mozilla.org - mercurial version rest endpoint authentication module for synapse a simple xmpp client wth otr support written in pure go kipr's instructional software system alternative to razercfg for the deathadder 2013 a gobject based library for creating fast, visually rich graphical user interfaces (32-bit) perl auto connector pac manager python 2 client library for mqtt v3.1 and v3.1.1 git submodule alternative do maths like a normal person. dbus service for configuring kerberos and other online identities. provides formatting of xml documents (python2 version) socks4, socks5 or http proxy (anorov fork pysocks replaces socksipy) screensaver for mate (gtk2 version) systemd service and timer for fetching nasa's picture of the day and setting it as wallpaper in gnome. pep/8 assembler and simulator yoctopuce python api auto fill test names from caller line pylint support for pylama the superior lisp interaction mode for emacs - from git avoid xss with javascript value interpolation dynalist lets you organize your ideas and tasks in simple lists. it's powerful, yet easy to use. check for coding style issues in cmake files python library for netconf clients. scikit-rf (aka skrf) is a python package for rf/microwave engineering mopidy extension for playing music from google play music box0 shell utilities flash utility for microchip pic microcontrollers with usb hid-bootloader c 98/11/14 manual pages for linux/macos interpolate text files with variables through a fifo via user prompts. python library to monitor and control user input devices an object-oriented interface to musepack file information and ape tag fields. a kerberos authentication module for the apache http server ros - hector_imu_tools provides some tools for processing imu messages. ultracompare is a powerful compare tool for files and folders. a free and open source volume wheel using alsa and qt5. a library for easy access to chip cards via chip card readers manage tmux workspaces from json and yaml, pythonic api, shell completion. a fast and modern javascript engine (old 3.20 version required for mapserver) newlib is a c library intended for use on embedded systems (psp) builds kfs filesystems for knightos python library to read tiled map editor's tmx maps qutip is open-source software for simulating the dynamics of open quantum systems a network daemon for aggregating statistics a keynote-like presentation tool for pdf (e.g. beamer) a hook preloader that allows to redirect tcp traffic of existing dynamically linked programs through one or more socks or http proxies (32-bit version) ros - camera_calibration_parsers contains routines for reading and writing camera calibration parameters. ros - python ros message and service generators. easy on the eyes gtk 3.20  themes. forged alliance forever - anti-smurfing binary for the lobby client. a gnu tool for automatically creating makefiles alien::base - base classes for alien:: modules multi-format archive extractor with compression services. pkcs#11 module for tpm 2.0 a shell script for easily accessing gitignore boilerplates command line interface to record a x11 desktop (git version) none screensaver for mate (gtk3 version) hollow knight is a challenging 2d action-adventure. you’ll explore twisting caverns, battle tainted creatures and escape intricate traps, all to solve an ancient long-hidden mystery. openyoudao dictionary client qt version ppd files for sharp postscript printers(mx-182 to mx-232d) library and command line tools for xz and lzma compressed files (x32 abi) ncurses-based monitoring application for wireless network devices a simple session locker a virtual network service for openstack - metadata agent custom actions for flask to help manage your application draw qr codes straight into the terminal speed dreams is a fork of torcs which aims to implement exciting new features, improving visual and physics realism. remake of konami's the goonies for the msx hi-res command brief animations for fsport simple, lightweight and easy-to-use rss/atom feed aggregator developed using qt copy objects from one as/400 to another fortune quotes from "house of cards". frame configuration management for gnu emacs modelled after gnu screen frame configuration management for gnu emacs modelled after gnu screen a command line file browser with bookmark support dsa signatures and key generation a library and graphical usenet client for nzb based nntp downloading and streaming the smooth-engine for gtk1 - including smooth-themes for gtk1 and gtk2 kde-frontend for anyremote. oslo database library perl/cpan module xml::tokeparser audio recorder application perl html::packer cpan module gitlab command line interface yaql - yet another query language a whitelisting proxy for the tor control port. tvtime is a high quality television application for use with video capture cards. added some patches (xinemara, save matte settings, icon bug, ...) stuff that could be in std::, but is not a highly visual arm emulator, designed to make learning arm assembly language easier. command-line lyrics, guitar tabs, and artist information viewer python bindings for mavlink micro air vehicle marshalling / communication library. base16 ocean colorscheme version of the numix theme (supports gtk 2, gtk 3, xfwm and openbox) cuda backend for torch7 neural network package sidescrolling shoot 'em up game gnu common lisp port of the textmate's monokai colorscheme for vim. interactive parallel visualization and graphical analysis tool runtime libraries shipped by gcc for multilib with x32 abi support an embedded bus system developed for openwrt. it is like dbus but simple and small. a graphical frontend to tesseract-ocr qt 5 addon providing access to numerous types of archives (mingw-w64) ros - locally patched version of the python redis client (https://github.com/andymccurdy/redis-py). apertium language data for the haitian creole-english translator. a github like theme for geany a new, sdl2-based implementation of the pygame api (dev channel) c library for commandline flag processing watch the web and get notified on updates with a patch to use links instead of lynx helper functions for op tree manipulation bsod displays the famous windows xp blue screen of death on the console python bindings for the ethtool kernel interface. gentoo's package management system add-on for firefox and thunderbird to enable integration with gnome native notification system. http/2 web server with automatic https mpv using ahjolinna's personal pre-made conf build multi-chain cryptocurrency wallet museek, a daemon/server based soulseek client, resurrected. newlisp is a lisp like, general purpose scripting language. a powwow theme pack for avalon mud game engine for building and playing online adaptations of board games and card games. the font that replaces every buzzword by a comic sans-styled censorship bar. looking up module information / loading at runtime two-factor authentication code generator for gnome c wrapper for czmq reference documentation for libgd, html format. python bindings for jq mist dapp browser and ethereum wallet (git version). nat-aware multipath tracerouting tool the websocket library in c terminal-based remote package update manager adventure, puzzle, and side-scroller action game (requires full copy of the game) a next-generation plugin manager for zsh synchronize pim data via various protocols the linux-lts-userns kernel and modules with config_user_ns enabled a toolkit that eases the writing and debugging of shellcode a python 3 implementation for microcontrollers and constrained environments (unix version). rpg turn based game a brick daemon for tinkerforge brick(let)s kannada font the game "the witch's house" also known as "majo no ie". english ver. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux kernel (git version) simple application for viewing and editing tags in audio files complete and free implementation of the openpgp standard - with fixes to make large rsa keys really work (and even bigger keys) timezone database to be used with php's date and time functions parse microformats in html cmake module to add doxygen rule into makefile parity checking library dark fcitx theme. a seam-carving c/c library called liquid rescale (32-bit) an open-source implementation of the opengl specification, git version the pantheon camera application enhanced quake ii engine optimized for modern systems symbol fonts required by wps-office from microsoft windows 10 common c routines used by gtk and other libs (32-bit) hp remote rgs receiver openstack common libraries - a library of various low-level utility modules hacker news command line client (python3.x) modular text mode irc client with perl scripting whois querying and parsing of domain registration information a free karaoke player for linux, freebsd, windows and gp2x. gstreamer branch. xorg window chooser ros - rqt_logger_level provides a gui plugin for configuring the logger level of ros nodes. a basic decorative ttf font portable library mainly aimed at video game and multimedia programming (32 bit) python implementation of the s2 geometry library python lib/cli for json/yaml schema validation static code analyzer for your project's source code to find usages of deprecated methods, classes and interfaces spreed.memail integration for nextcloud straightforward build system japanese translation for ultravnc viewer text editor for programmers (kde4 front-end) rmagick is an interface between the ruby programming language and the imagemagick image processing library based on the package logos for hasbro's my little pony line. includes full alphabet, extended characters and punctuation, and euro. ros - messages for automatic topic configuration using rosserial. the ideal window manager for today's elegant and ascetic programmer procedures for psychological, psychometric, and personality research. a utility to check at boottime befor network, if /boot or mbr were manipulated. edit multiple regions with the same content simultaneously start and stop system daemon programs openstack integration testing php folding plugin for vim written by ray burgemeestre perl package for oo binary tree a wrapper of rm command with user-defined blacklist. openshift origin is a platform for developing, building, and deploying containerized applications. see https://docs.openshift.org/latest for more on running openshift origin. dom-less simple javascript bdd testing framework for node a program for presenting pdfs featuring a presenter console on an auxiliary monitor a python 2 library for working with bibliographic data encoded in marc21 python bindings for the ethtool kernel interface. a flexible, extensible interface between analysis codes and iterative systems analysis methods synchronization of locally encrypted data among devices. a command-line utility for 7-zip 3.x-10.x password cracking, uses password cracking library 2.0 that supports special password recovery language. highly optimized for all modern processors. micro webdevelopment framework for python a rofi frontend for pass beautify javascript/json (jsbeautifier.org) simple to use and highly versatile open source wiki software home server for comics and ebooks. a robot simulation, planning, and control package from indiana university / duke university. multiple sequence comparison by log-expectation webapp for zarafa gtk analog waveform viewer - tool for viewing analog data, such as the output of spice simulations a graphical interface for the cvs client the gnu compiler collection (4.4.x) design tools, documentation, software and support resources for efm32™, efm8™, 8051, wireless mcus and wireless socs. oslo context library finite element analysis of microstructures. based on sardi mono you can use the modularity to combine elements and create a new icon theme. dispatcher script for generating yp.conf multiplayer expansion pack for rune tv episode renamer script python installation manager supporting cpython, stackless, pypy and jython the password hash argon2, winner of phc ralink rt3562 pci wlan adaptors kernel module(aufs friendly) a simple vte base terminal emulator. integration of youtube into your linux desktop via nuvola player. nvidia container runtime library (command-line tools) yeoman generator for scala/sbt projects interactive retopology of .obj or .ply (point cloud) developed as part of siggraph asia 2015 a versatile package to perform molecular dynamics. last stable release of 4.5.x version series. single and double precision; sources; doxygen documentation lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j5335dw xfce developer tools a library for rendering mathml documents ros - a generic, simple controller manager plugin for moveit. read font files and render glyphs from perl using freetype2 microsoft windows 10 japanese truetype fonts library for ogre targeted to help create nice-looking atmospheric effects. gnu database library uavcan is a lightweight protocol designed for reliable communication in aerospace and robotic applications via can bus (git version) logging library for c (mingw-w64) a simple command line client for smtp transforms an equirectangular map image into many global and regional map projections amule patched for fastweb network (italy) by adunanza forum - svn development branch open source platform for symbolic, algebraic, and numerical computations all released maps with server configs of ddracenetwork stream movies from torrents. skip the downloads. launch, click, watch. repos of the original community edition. mediaplayer plugin for vdr and x11 lightdm greeter that uses webkit2 for theming via html/javascript. turn es6 code into readable vanilla es5 with source maps musepack decoding library (32 bit) vietnamese classic tcvn3 fonts clipboard manager with searchable and editable history. ros - rqt_rviz provides a gui plugin embedding rviz. a qtcreator plugin to work with tufão. open broadcast software for scheduling and station management. userspace helper for uvesafb that runs x86 code in an emulated environment an interpreter for piet programs. also includes npietedit and npiet-foogol driver for the brother dcp-j925dw wifi multifuncional printer cross-library (gstreamer  core audio  mad  ffmpeg) audio decoding for python userspace library for providing ss7 protocol services to applications qt gui for connman with system tray icon synchronizing openpgp key server vi improved, a highly configurable, improved version of the vi text editor stochastic concepts and maximum entropy methods for time series analysis cli program which allows you to convert medical images and dicom files syntax and detection for archversion config files set of plugins for working with catalyst a portable emacs clone for x windows or terminal with a lisp interpreter. open robot control software is a tool to create real-time robotics applications using modular, run-time configurable software components (real-time toolkit) xs implementation of net::ip nuntius delivers notifications from your phone or tablet to your computer atmega328pb support for avr-libc-atmel elogind client libraries awesome web-browsable web apis system tray unread mail checker using imap protocol early access version of the upcoming version of intellij idea ide (ultimate version) memory and thread debugger 1.0.522981 a command-line tool for developing g-speaky applications japanese classic style font. an application dedicated to tracking user's head movements and relaying the information to games and flight simulation software a customizable twich chat client this is an add-on for mozilla thunderbird that verifies dkim signatures according to the rfc 6376 provides some classes to make use of threads easy on different platforms sync flac music files to ogg vorbis (or keep lossy as-is) this is the latest stable release of compiz without de deps (core w/o decorator) a simple interface to everyday gpio components used with raspberry pi. ldap core schemas and insert script. google auth library for ruby multi-platform support library with a focus on asynchronous i/o the official last.fm desktop application suite allow to force bind/connect using the specified ip block advertisements, trackers, and other malicious activity by manipulating /etc/hosts ros - the actionlib stack provides a standardized interface for interfacing with preemptable tasks. python 2 extensions to pyyaml drag and drop source/target for x common files for indicator-remindor and remindor-qt serialosc is an osc server for monomes an analog clock displaying the system-time, running counter-clockwise. image reduction and analysis facility programatically query the perlapi a protocol detecting server, based off the serve2 library the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security (static library) free library for encoding h264/avc video streams (mingw-w64) verify conda recipes and packages a dash components starter pack. a powerful gui search utility for matching regex patterns latest development version of emby server compiled with a patch to unlock emby premiere features a portable variant of the traditional unix shell, implements the svr4/svid3 level of the shell. convert terminal color schemes a perl script to allow reading both 8-bit iso and utf-8 text inside xchat/hexchat. initially intended for the greek irc users but also works with baltic, cyrillic and turkish; probably arabic and hebrew. custom actions for flask to help manage your application ros - a set of message filters which take in messages and may output those messages at a later time, based on the conditions that filter needs met. userspace tools for linux ieee 802.15.4 stack. tiny portable generic utilities weak signal amateur hamradio communication by k1jt automatically mount and unmount usb mass storage devices a pure python 3 chess library with move generation and validation and handling of common formats plugin for vapoursynth: bm3d (git version) pure programming language, util package -- basic support utilities and libraries reiser4 filesystem programs eiskaltdc core light-weight, simple and fast xml parser for c with xpath support (mingw-w64) a library to decode several popular sound file formats, such as .wav and .mp3 (32 bit) solaris porting layer kernel headers. owncloud server release, installed from the official .tar.bz2 archive an object-oriented language for quick and easy programming module for mainline nginx that adds generic tools that module developers can use an abi-compatible and api-compatible drop-in replacement for zlib generates fbpad tinyfont files using libfreetype. deletes unneeded files to free disk space and maintain privacy. cli version/no gui. serialize all of python (almost) a development tool to measure, monitor and analyze the memory behavior of python objects ldap schema for fusiondirectory repository plugin trained language data for tesseract ocr engine the new and shiny xmpp implementation for python microsoft azure cli namespace package a graphical qt tool to copy a hybrid iso onto a usb key. userspace command line program used to configure the packet filtering ruleset tool to clean up the /boot directory for the syslinux bootloader free nec-2 compatable electromagnetic code. it can both read nec2 antenna description files and also be incorporated into other projects like gui tools and automatic antenna optimization systems. simple scanning utility (trunk version) a system call tracer and injector a tool to update the the firmware of nvidia display adapters. tool to send commands (verbs) to hd-audio codecs none a conway's game of life player that uses ncurses floss rpg maker 2000/2003 and easyrpg games interpreter set of subroutines to solve a sparse linear system ruby interface for the taglib c library creates index.html for directory contents shared publicly on dropbox. that way you can easily share whole content of the directory without the need to send separate links for all the shared files. a kickass api toolkit. yubico universal 2nd factor (u2f) server c library a small window manager for x11 based originally off aewm a purple-based (pidgin) plugin for slack. a color formater for python logging html pre-processor python library for dockercloud this is gentoo's bashrc file, which has very nice color schemes. a set of perl scripts designed to manage user and group accounts stored in an ldap directory. next generation of fcitx fast http parser a portable tool for managing a single set of dotfiles in an organized fashion plugin for vapoursynth: tcomb (git version) easy, automatic, specification-based tests. sportdb-service - sport.db addon for web service (http json api) elegant and efficient linux terminal busybee is a high-performance messaging layer used by hyperdex phylogenetic estimation using (maximum) likelihood a module for using the twilio rest api and generating valid twiml. tyrquake libretro core (quake). the basic file, shell and text manipulation utilities of the gnu operating system. patched for an added progress bar for cp extra addons for outspline a high-level scripting language (mingw-w64) a software tool for the visualization and annotation of 3d image data. it was developed for the rapid reconstruction of neural morphology and connectivity. ros - rqt_bag provides a gui plugin for displaying and replaying ros bag files. worldwide holidays and working days helper and toolkit diff and merge of jupyter notebooks. includes git integration for notebook diffing first-person action/puzzle game module of basic descriptive statistical functions. a static library for chess vogo's keyboard for xorg 7 (slovak) amd/ati drivers. opencl implemention for amd catalyst a simple wrapper around pandoc and latexmk one time password backend app for owncloud systemc-ams is an analog and mixed-signal extension library for systemc the octave-forge image package provides functions for processing images. the package also provides functions for feature extraction, image statistics, spatial and geometric transformations, morphological operations, linear filtering, and much more. ros - rqt_image_view provides a gui plugin for displaying images using image_transport. client for microsoft exchange web services (ews) command line java application for processing osm data. git commit message linter a simple-to-use commandline todo manager that can export to html and plain text python sql toolkit and object relational mapper native bindings for openldap's lmdb library file identification library for python. (python2 version) poc qt 3ds streaming client for ntr cfw toolset to accelerate the boot process and application startups for systems with ext4 root partitions. pinentry rofi-based bare implementation this package provides a distributed storage system for qemu. it provides highly available block level storage volumes to virtual machines. it supports advanced volume management features such as snapshot, cloning, and thin provisioning. bitcoin/altcoin merchant tools debian script that checks for bashisms a simple tool to convert vimwiki file to emacs org-mode file - git version game addons for kodi alkano cursor - default variant openfabrics alliance infiniband network diagnostic and testing utilities mate keyboard library (gtk3 version) blue icon theme for xfce gerbil is an opinionated dialect of scheme designed for systems programming, with a state of the art macro and module system on top of the gambit runtime. a serif based on the work of a famous czech-american type designer of yesteryear. a free software media publishing platform southern sámi / åarjelsaemien gïele (sma) dictionary for hunspell primesensor modules for openni un*x text replacement utility tools for squashfs, a highly compressed read-only filesystem for linux. multi platform cross assembler package for gb-z80 (game boy), z80 (gg, sms, msx, spectrum, ti86, etc), 6502 (nes, etc), 65c02 (vic-20, etc), 6510 (c64, etc), 65816 (snes, etc), huc6280 (pc-engine) and spc-700 (snes sound chip) charmm36 force field in gromacs format. cross-platform audio output library and plugins (32-bit) - patched with jack support pure python obelisk  bitcoin client side library yet another terminal, a terminal emulator written with the web languages of the future. today. extensible, themeable. a linux loadable kernel module for the elecom deft series finger operated trackballs the open source modelica suite - openmodelica connection editor switchboard notifications plug tools and library to manipulate efi variables - git master branch a tool for managing linux filesystem encryption a simple interface to read whole-slide images in python 18 extra themes for amor python module which allows you to specify timeouts when calling any existing function, and support for stoppable threads high performance, cross platform ionic app for home/commerical security surveillance using zoneminder or other nvrs a nice image viewer application to open plist files rails-based scheduling service. id3v1/id3v2 tag manipulation package in pure python 3 secure notes manager for unix-like systems. git extension that tracks changes to a patch series over time ros - a python gui plugin for introspecting available ros message types. tool for extracting individual modules from proprietary bios images ros - roscreate contains a tool that assists in the creation of ros filesystem resources. google cloud platform - cloud sql proxy a free cyrillic cursive font a modern, hackable, featureful, opengl based terminal emulator program for itunes-style metadata manipulation with >4gb mpeg4 files toolkit for the self describing data set file format developed at argonne nat'l lab math::clipper - polygon clipping in 2d python-based latex document processing framework. a data modeling and database design tool that provides an environment for capturing, modeling, managing, and exploiting metadata native code to c/c decompiler (supporting x86, amd64 and arm) a general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development python openssl wrapper. for modern cryptography with ecc, aes, hmac, blowfish... low level tools for reading, writing and manipulation of pdf files an x-cursor theme inspired by macos and based on kde breeze a full featured web server that eclipses nginx fork of dmenu patched with xft, quiet, x & y, token, fuzzy matching, follow focus, tab nav, filter and full mouse support. note taking application, write down your thoughts. a glossy matrix collaboration client for the desktop. the practical way to do set operations on sets of lines in the shell userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat ryosmk devices sandbox'd ld_preload hack (32-bit) a tiny monitor calibration loader for x.org breeze red cursor theme. library for managing partitions. common code for kde partition manager and other projects. (git version) the lxqt policykit authentication agent a simple jack app used to organise stereo monitoring open-source, lightweight dicom server. macos and os x 10.11 gtk theme for gnome shell and gtk-based desktops. helper to set up loop devices for partitions in a disk image an awesome tool for web developers. a simple command line journal application that stores your journal in a plain text file removes html constructs. logical volume manager 2 utilities - git checkout library for working with the growl notification transport protocol an advanced bittorrent client programmed in c, based on qt toolkit and libtorrent-rasterbar. built from source. c library for the symbolic computation software composibility protocol the ladspa c* audio plugin suite (lv2 port) format javascript files that contain react jsx blocks often compared to proxima nova for it's charming utility, montserrat is a useful typeface, loved by many web and ui designers. designed by julieta ulanovsky. none gstreamer gobject introspection overrides for python 3 hook for dhcpcd to send sigusr1 to openvpn and reestablish connection steampunk yakuake skin. this item is a part of steam-powered linux kde theme set. management plugin for ejbca a mindmapping tool dave gamble's cjson library. easily handle json data in c (git version). python client library for sahara replacement for all gtk-demo language bindings the next generation music client. the phobos standard library for d programming language. visualization toolkit (vtk) portable hex editor with vi like interface written in python lazenby computer ttf font by andrew young, disaster fonts picture sequence capture tool a library for creating graphical user interfaces for games and 3d applications a tool to crop pdf files, with an eye towards ereaders. an extension for nautilus to split and join files pdf rendering library based on xpdf 3.0 bacula - a network backup tool (director - postgresql support) represent a regular expression of some sort a weibo api wrapper based on curl  python. fast, small and standard conforming befunge98 interpreter an implementation of the json-ld specification in go download flash videos from a web page a pinball simulation video game originally released for the amiga in 1992 obd and gps logging utilities a free, portable and open implementation of the amiga filesystem python wrapper for the bluez bluetooth stack interface to the efa.vrr.de departure monitor a filesystem hierarchy synchronizer firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - romanian a 2d tactics/strategy game where you evacuate civilians from zombie-infested cities. (free demo) simple tool for word-wrapping text allows to easily install and maintain software that is under source code form (usually from a version control system). a set of scripts for migrating data from local files (i.e. /etc/passwd) or a nis domain to an ldap directory. colobot gold is a real-time strategy game with programmable bots. trf is an extension library to the script language tcl, as created by john ousterhout. ucloner is a backup/restore/clone tool. modified for arch linux docker build tool with additional features epson printer driver (me-301, xp-100, xp-200, xp-201, xp-204, xp-208) cross platform chewing user phrase editor a software solving chess proof games an open-source program for computing molecular properties using high-accuracy, ab initio, quantum mechanical models. (debian binary build) driver for the brother dcp-j152w wifi multifuncional printer a framework and tool-set for evaluation of the quality of video transmitted over a real or simulated communication network. represents music graphically as coruscating field of fog and glowing lines enum/enum34 compatibility package rename jpeg photo files based on shoot date lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server (hg version) a low-level python interface to the glpk optimization solver. php bindings for ice rpc framework neuropolitical custom font backup all videos in a youtube channel by providing the id of the user you wish to backup. a library for computing the discrete fourier transform (dft) (mingw-w64) emulate file interface for strings pidgin plugin, removing double-timestamps when replaying messages from znc simple ide for writing and running minizinc models ecmwf interactive meteorological application adobe flash plugin support lib (ossv4) a simple, lightweight audio player written in c and qt that supports collections yooka-laylee is an all-new open-world platformer from key creative talent behind the banjo-kazooie and donkey kong country games! a set of language and system independant corba interfaces for creating reusable components (32 bit) arch linux wallpaper generator takes lists of seed packages and expands their dependencies to produce a full list of packages. this can be used for purposes such as managing the list of packages present in a derived distribution's archive or cd builds. extract colors from an image. mavlink proxy and command line ground station. a safe, standards-compliant, high-performance library used for parsing http cookies, query-strings and post data. language and environment for statistical computing and graphics, linked to the intel(r) mkl. adds mass tile editing commands for tshock. varoius gimp plugins made by elsamuko cpanplus plugin to install packages that use build.pl a typesafe callback system for standard c full-featured outline and bitmap font editor. desktop-independent graphical login manager for x11 (git) a tool environment and a library for safe floating-point code development firefox french duckduckgo search engine a fast tcp tunnel over http mobs redo mod for minetest a tex/latex frontend for kde a small collection of ncurses-based solitaire/patience games. d-bus type enumerator converts between different schema languages for xml compile and install perl clustal w multiple sequence alignment program, version 2.0 vpn client for mullvad.net, a bitcoin-friendly vpn for anonymity and privacy mime type file for optimfrog ros - contains a set of tools that can be used from a hard realtime thread, without breaking the realtime behavior. scriptina font terminal server client [tsclient] is a gtk2 frontend for rdesktop and other remote desktop tools. container cluster manager for docker completely free enterprise-ready python distribution for large-scale data processing, predictive analytics, and scientific computing. legacy 3d interface to explore the globe, terrain, streets, buildings and other planets a yet another kanji code converter among networks, hosts and terminals run missed cronjobs. naviserver postgres connector extensible plugin system ros - standard ros messages including common message types representing primitive data types and other basic message constructs, such as multiarrays. arch linux build source file management tool (with patch to use https by default) static analysis tool for javascript yet another plugin system (hg version) rcs fast export git master show server status like apache's mod_status newrelic php 5.3 gobject-based multi-platform toolkit (v3) from ubuntu (32bit) computer modern in ttf library for fingerprint readers perl bindings to the gtkimageview image viewer widget simple bootloader for x86_64 uefi secure boot xfce panel applet for remmina. programs for abiocard the core part of the chakra javascript engine that powers microsoft edge postgresql build for migrating between major versions with pg_upgrade a library for generic json-based rest-apis, with a mechanism to map json to qt objects opengl recording of 32-bit applications with simplescreenrecorder. (git version) ros - this planner attempts to find a legal place to put a carrot for the robot to follow. an authentication service for creating and validating credentials. it is designed to be highly scalable for use in an hpc cluster environment. the stack client provides file sync to desktop clients. a loadable dynamic extension module to both sqlite and spatialite implementing virtualpostgres (direct sql cross access to postgresql/postgis tables) pam module to block remote hosts using iptables after too many failed authentication attempts a configurable lightweight battery charge indicator and autohider. includes a few quirky display modes. a fork of blender3d's theme sublime-like terminal-based text editor. a collection of routines used to create and manipulate mng format graphics files (mingw-w64) flv to avi converter secure communications library with openssl gnu binary utilities for the sh3eb-elf target. high speed usb logic analyzer. a tool for use with clang to analyze #includes in c and c source files use only bombs and a flashlight to escape to freedom (game sold separately) an audio sequencer for musicians and sound artists cgum a library which provides the basic sigrok protocol decoders for dreamsourcelab hardware client to upload data to an acousticbrainz server rhythmbox tray icon functionality similar to 0.x series compatibility library for porting motif to qt powerful and easy-to-use gui multimedia player based on mpv (git version) ibus module for vietnamese keyboard from git master a simple, small, efficient, c xml parser fundamental vcv modules ported version of ksh from openbsd tile molester is the next generation of tile editors io::socket::ssl for perl 6 using openssl stemming of words in various languages opensource z-wave control quotes from the french comedy show kaamelott. a new xnat client that exposes xnat objects/functions as python objects/functions. the next generation of nicer testing for python a lightweight c library for loading and wrapping lv2 plugin uis libzookeeper methods for representing geographic coordinates python code coverage analysis tool. a minimal replacement for coverage.py documentation and examples for julia (package corresponding to the mkl version) efficient blocker add-on for various browsers. fast, potent, and lean a c curses based mp3/ogg/flac tagging application (git version) library and tools to access the (split) raw image format x.org savage video driver a systray icon and a command line interface for setting the volume of the alsa mixers. a menu editor for openbox qualcomm atheros open powerline toolkit ros - rostopic contains the rostopic command-line tool for displaying debug information about ros topics, including publishers, subscribers, publishing rate, and ros messages. tools for auditing sip devices a tool which profiles opencl devices to find their peak capacities a simple color selection dialog in gtk3 a collection of 108 free gpl and public domain fonts. minimalist flat themes for, gnome, xfce, cinnamon, mate, openbox, lxde wrapper for krakenex text editor for programmers. live preview in markdown, restructuredtext and html an efficient tool for accurately reconstructing single genomes from complex microbial communities. graphical database schema metadata browser allows the running of reconnectable programs via torque with tmux, xpra, and tigervnc conky with utf-8 scroll patch a tool to flash your nslu2 (slug) from a computer on a local network. (with openwrt patches) ubuntu's gnome audio theme drops any app in the tray and waits for a signal to close it console client for twitter and identi.ca fast assembler for x86 and x86-64 [github mirror of linux version] ros - the actionlib_tutorials package. generic platform for pre and post-processing for numerical simulation - aster module the gnu debugger for all gdb supported architectures (i386/arm/mips...) ros - this package contains a tool for setting and publishing joint state values for a given urdf. decentralised bittorrent index - daemon (git version) programming contest jury system mpd frontend using qt, supports shoutcast and icecast (legally). yeelight cli tool automation wrappers for po4a artwork of lubuntu audit installed packages against known vulnerabilities the linux-tp-x1-carbon-5th kernel and modules a terminal-based cross-platform music player, audio engine, metadata indexer, and server ansi html adapter: convert ansi escape sequences to html. generation of diagram and flowchart from text in a similar manner as markdown realrtcw brings some realism to the classic wolfenstein game. you can expect ruthless ai, new weapons and rebalanced gameplay wingpanel power indicator part 2 of the white march expansion to pillars of eternity tool used for demonstrating python packages that combines a display window and an ipython shell. disables multidimensional array emulation nginscript module for mainline nginx a terrain rendering toolkit for openscenegraph a revival of alternate gothic, originally designed by m.f. benton. a very simple but powerful shell-based package manager for unix like ram-based embedded systems. simple script for exporting gnome2 (seahorse) keyrings, and re-importing on another machine. executes all permutations of a shell command with a pattern syntax mouse cursor for x11 desktop. inspiration was drawn from various sources, including dmz and breeze, but design manages to be quite unique. an extensible shell descended from es and rc. (git version) gnome internet radio locator xxd stand-alone binary from vim source tree restore/upgrade firmware of ios devices module name tools and transformations ddc uchen is a font designed by chris fynn for the dzongkha development commission. avrdude is an utility to download/upload/manipulate the rom and eeprom contents of avr microcontrollers using the in-system programming technique (isp). create 3d models by sculpting an updated fork of nexuiz, a fast-paced multiplayer first-person shooter (downloadable content - essential). add xdg desktop entry for raw-thumbnailer a arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant vim airline theme. open source implementation of object rexx analyze wave music files. includes chordfinder none gstreamer 0.10 fluendo mpegdemux plugin header files and scripts to build modules for linux-uksm a library that helps you create bindings between c and lua52 minifier cli for html, css, js, json, svg and xml emacs mode for editing cucumber plain text stories (feature-mode) the vector-optimized library of kernels from gnuradio simple terminal with xresources, scrollback, alpha support, cpmono font, and neonwave colorscheme vim the editor. components used by vim-minimal-git and gvim-git. yaml parser and emitter for d language - git checkout used by vmd to compute the secondary structure given the protein 3d coordinates simple perl version management vim plugins for html and css hi-speed coding minimal arch linux slim theme a perl script that extracts urls from correctly-encoded mime email messages a network extended command level clone of the plan 9 dump file system. simple bittorrent client with very interesting live feature s2s communication through tor latest tencent tim (com.qq.office) on deepin wine magical config file parser a fps and operating system process killer (when you kill an enemy, it kills a process) based on psdoom and chocolate doom. ocaml module to parse various rss playlist formats role for html parsing command line manipulation of bibtex files - from git-repo a spacer dockapp the first true cross-platform sandbox mmo -- game data files for live server m17n engine for ibus from git master sends the current time to libnotify. desktop widget comprehensive http client library, supporting many features (build for pypy) skype for linux - insider/preview version classes for making qt applications scriptable. provided for qt 4.x compatibility pure-go port-forwarding implementation d bindings for gtk and related libraries. a pure-python implementation of the amqp 0-9-1 protocol mono-dark and mono-light icons for xfce4-weather-plugin a tool to handle local repositories of debian packages (git latest) fortran- or c-callable, device-independent graphics package for making simple scientific graphs. lexically-scoped resource management parallel distributed shell the pantheon application launcher xplanet earth with realistic clouding and lightning effects as your wallpaper. tool for managing javascript projects with multiple packages adds support for telegram to pidgin, adium, finch and other libpurple based messengers. read, write and create spreadsheet documents, xls xlsx csv ods gnumeric pdf html. included are experimental stubs for phpword phppowerpoint phpproject phpvisio opennebula contextualisation wayland compositor library plugin for transparent editing of gpg encrypted files ovdp vietnamese dict (stardict format) the gnu debugger for the arm hard float target tools for working with svg files and jessyink presentations. provides bindings to the alsa simple mixer api actively recover leap/pptp passwords. an open source project for, social engineering works, scanning, crawling and analysis, automatic exploiter, and network attacks a very fast perl module for parsing the linux desktop files. kevin-ci: a simple-stupid self-hosted continuous integration service telepot protocol implementation for python python 3 global keybinding library for x. kobo is set of python modules designed for rapid tools development. extended command line arguments parsing library second simulation of a satellite signal in the solar spectrum - vector - 1.1 r bundle for jamovi ros - small lib to transform sensor_msgs with tf. transparent server-side session support for flask arduino libraries for the pinoccio backup and recovery manager for postgresql build, distribute and deploy python projects a fortran 2008 json api the free on-line dictionary of computing for dictd et al. specific machine learning tools for purposes of high energy physics standalone mail/news reader - nightly build airwave is a wine-based vst bridge, that allows for the use of windows 32- and 64-bit vst 2.4 audio plugins with linux vst hosts access the configuration data (and visualise nmea data) from the wbt-201 gps mathematical objects plotting software neutron firewall as a service service http/1.1 cache validators for catalyst a hack and slash action role-playing game (humble bundle version) a script to easily play and manage your anime/drama/series an abstract game about squeezing through awkward spaces. python authentication-results headers generation and parsing programmer friendly subprocess wrapper traverse perl data structures. segger systemview for linux domjudge results application rockbox speex codec caja-script for adding files to audacious playlist a full-featured, pure-python tiling window manager. (git version from de-vri-es) a web browser built for speed, simplicity, and security utility methods and base class for manipulating perl via ppi tool to autobuild a set of pkgbuilds into a working repository taskbar with groupping and group manipulation software for automatic matching in the geographical context a program for indexing and searching emails, with a patch that allows parsing of large mbox files a hand-crafted web-based irc client that you can enjoy desktop ponies in qt disk based hashtables serbian language pack for firefox beta a nimble command-line tool that generates themes for your favourite programs. bugzilla cli client, xml-rpc binding and vcs plugins offrss - offline rss reader multi-platform qt5 notification framework a mozilla & firefox multimedia plugin. a more powerful ruijie supplicant for gnu/linux cross-platform virtual machine for squeak, pharo, cuis, and newspeak. takes a docker compose file and translates it into kubernetes resources cublock is java implementation of 3d tetris-like game, similar to blockout(tm) and is a generalized version of the original game. a space exploration and combat game similar to escape velocity part 1 of the white march expansion to pillars of eternity ros - the visulalization_marker_tutorials package. compiler for the gobject type system xfce window manager a gtk based free bbs client python container datatypes: bag, setlist, bijection, rangemap an implementation of migemo in c a radical new scenario for the aleph one engine foreign function interface for bash fcitx theme. enchant module for php javascript plugin for www::scripter ros - this package contains a c parser for the unified robot description format (urdf), which is an xml format for representing a robot model. here and there along the echo - kentucky route zero open source jedi knight ii  iii engine adds basic functionality that is not (yet) provided by python bitbucket server command line tools a free service that lets you bring your photos, docs, and videos anywhere and share them easily. a simple gui designer for the python tkinter module volume applet for plasma bring together your videos, music, photos, and live television an open-source implementation of the k language, an ascii apl. android sdk platform, api-15 kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-lts-apparmor3 kernel gnu restricted user shell remote python call (rpyc), a transparent and symmetric rpc library userspace utilities for tracing linux block layer i/o - git version kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-macbook kernel probabilistic calculator trained language data for tesseract ocr engine display write and wall messages as desktop notifications. change channel with a multi level choice a command line tool for circle ci showing some system status informations modern wine gui use the amazon s3 - simple storage service a fast, reliable, simple package for creating and reading constant databases class: cosmic linear anisotropy solving system marytts (text2speech) frontend with batteries included libretro implementation of mednafen psx ghostscript rip for ps, pdf, pcl-5, pcl-xl, svg and xps. oslo database library owncloud server dialy build, installed from the official .tar.bz2 archive perl extension for easily overriding subroutines push screenshot to imgur and copy its url lighting control software from chamsys landes eternelles is a french role playing game (mmorpg), forked from eternal lands. perl module env::path - advanced operations on path variables free branch of the targetcli lio administration shell (iscsi  co) utilities for programming xilinx fpgas, cplds, and eeproms with the xilinx parallel cable and other jtag adapters framework for building document analysis applications. client daemon for microsoft onedrive service fast image manipulation programs mess822 is a library for parsing internet mail messages works wellwith qmail extra tools built using clang's tooling apis (installed in /usr/lib/llvm-3.6/) a class to create mime messages go mode for emacs handy command line tools for ntuple manipulation and analysis. a command-line control program for zif (git version) complete path name based upon the pinyin acronym of chinese characters kolab plugins for the roundcube webmailer qwtplot3d is a graphics extension to the qt gui application framework. it provides a 3d plotting widget for scientific data and mathematical expressions. it compares to the existing qwt project. base library for homegear nodes an application for creating stop-motion animation movies. an implementation of figlet written in python (python2) recursively mirror a directory tree of flac audio files to aac/ogg ros - mavlink message marshaling library. bluemsx libretro core (microsoft msx). prison construction and management simulation, gog version an opensource and free (libre, price) telephony system, similar to asterisk (git version). an iptables front-end to allow rules to be expressed in a more flexible, free-form style using language. an addition to elementary os's icon theme. an extension of docutils' rst2latex with inline math, equations, references, and raw latex a full-featured mastering suite for authoring disassembling and analyzing video cd's and super video cd's (32-bit) visualize when your system was running portable and efficient c programming interface (api) to determine the call-chain of a program resource and persistent handles factory keepass bindings for python2 a simple wrapper around i3lock which blurs the current desktop extend file::sharedir to local libraries a free program designed to generate normal, height, specular or ambient occlusion textures from a single image a transparent application suite with clock, calendar, and system load applets. slimit - javascript minifier the widevine media optimizer is a browser plugin designed for the viewing of premium video content (only for chromium-dev) lls is a colorful ls alternative with additional file info. lls provides pleasant colorful highlighting, file information and some easy-to-read permission tags. in addition lls can draw folder trees with a total files/dirs count. ros - tutorials showing how to write plugins for rviz. query the virginia tech people search service for information about a person. python binding for xxhash notify about udev block events opengl 3d visualization module for r simplistic and perlish handling of xml currency converter developed for elementary os desktop. a cross-platform application and ui framework (qtwebkit) (5.1.x) adminer skins command line tools for working with catkin. the userspace dev tools (udev) forked by gentoo scheme interpreter for experimentation a small, simple and fast csv library written in pure ansi c89 that can read and write csv data. open source h265/hevc video encoder a font family with a great monospaced variant for programmers. a software media player and entertainment hub for digital media (master branch) ros - interaction management for human interactive agents in the concert. chromiums high-performance rendering library (static) osquery command and control pacman-independent portable package downloader with dependency resolution. a fuse filesystem and dungeon crawling adventure game engine, written in go. anisotropic tetrahedral remesher and moving mesh generator open source development architecture for virtual, networked, and cyber-physical system infrastructures. helicopter based search and rescue flight simulator a tool to work with rosdistro files the gnu compiler collection for the motorola m68000 architecture an on-the-fly display switch utility, intended to be used on laptops, especially with nvidia cards. mqtt version 3.1 client class simple and light-weight app for prayer time reminders. another calendar-based tarsnap script: master branch basic python interface to gnuplot. management of alias list of sympa a python wrapper for libspotify. simplistic interactive filtering tool. safely store secrets in git/mercurial/subversion python coreschema ros - generates a configuration package that makes it easy to use moveit!. lightweight and smart php ide fast indexed python2 html parser which builds a dom node tree, providing common getelementsby* functions for scraping, testing, modification, and formatting frame configuration management for gnu emacs modelled after gnu screen an experimental open-source nintendo 3ds emulator/debugger cups drivers for oki b4000, b400 and mb400 ps printers mozilla kde integration. easily interact with openerp in python installs a rescue system into the boot partition to allow grub to boot it. a gtk utility for computing message digests or checksums (development version). - nautilus filemanager plugin de novo short reads assembler a two panel filemanager for emacs a commercial solver for mathematical optimization problems. alternative frontend for abc tv's iview service labpowerqt is a gui application written in c/qt to control lab power supplies spring boot cli if necessary, update your ip for nsupdate replace heirloom vi from core with vim using symlinks. a city simulation game chroot, mount --bind, and binfmt_misc without privilege/setup ncurses feed reader load kernel module for nfs server using rdma, and configure rdma port arm7tdmi based computer emulator with debugging tools perform sample comparison testing on the command line userland applications to configure and make extended use of roccat lua devices the sox resampler library that aims to give fast and high quality results for any constant resampling ratio (mingw-w64) set the system timezone based on ip geolocation simple extension that provides basic and digest http authentication for flask routes modified version of xpra by winswitch losslessly convert images to pdf without unnecessarily increasing file size by re-encoding jpeg files. randomized axelerated maximum likelihood - standard version from git parallax propeller loader with a sample program sudoku generator/solver/analyzer a stable, up-to-date python 3 wraper for the amazon product advertising api arc theme for kde plasma 5 ros - this is a set of tools for recording from and playing back ros message without relying on the ros client library. a wrapper around world map components for browsing and arranging photos on a map an easy to use screencast creator bgcashcheckserver 6.0 for billing system bgbilling 6.0 a short python script that tricks steam for linux into downloading non-linux apps. gpd fan control - git checkout linux module for the rtl2832u dvb-t usb2.0 device secondary structure assignment for proteins logical replication for postgresql a replacement for the old unix crypt(1). ros - assorted shell commands for using ros with bash. flags for xkb plugin lua 5.1 a thin layer of graphic data types pure perl eval with persistent lexical variables simple matrix-style pager a computer vision library to detect connected regions in binary digital images. the darwin prover suite. http://combination.cs.uiowa.edu/darwin/ backup tool for btrfs subvolumes, taking advantage of btrfs specific capabilities to create atomic snapshots and transfer them incrementally to your backup locations vgetty - voice extension to the mgettysendfax program. additional plugins for mupen64plus bunsenlabs wallpaper collection a window manager for gnome. this package reverts a commit which may causes performance problems for nvidia driver users. a wysiwyg ebook editor a network utility to retrieve files from the web tool for aggregating cidr ipv4 networks minepy provides an ansi c library for the maximal information-based nonparametric exploration (mic and mine family) a python interface to google's text to speech api. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine a programmable client library that takes advantage of the commonalities among lazr.restful web services to provide added functionality on top of wadllib a unix irc client similar to (and forked from) bitchx and ircii. a simple, fast, pure-python load balancer command line utility that attempts to find the "alternate path" for the provided path digital audio workstation for music production, remixing and live performance flowgraphs for gtk3 program for using multi-locus genotype data to investigate population structure. open-source phishing framework from the creators of the broken sword series, revolution software, comes the first in a series of 'virtual theater' adventure game. utility for tracking cycles of menstruation and for prediction of next period's date ros - the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl) defines a tree structure to represent the kinematic and dynamic parameters of a robot mechanism. magic: the gathering split cards for magic set editor. an ncurses-based console text editor a collection of fortune cookies from x-files fortune quotes from burn notice gurmukhi fonts 802.1ab implementation (lldp) to help you locate neighbors a collection of gimp scripts and plug-ins by akkana peck. gui for fsarchiver unofficial class for european curricula vitæ gnome shell extension to hide battery icon, if battery is fully charged and ac is connected high-level c binding for zeromq a python api for accessing resources on a jenkins continuous-integration server. tie a variable to a type constraint cvs to git repository converter supporting incremental conversions full-potential all-electron density-functional-theory package implementing the families of linearized augmented planewave methods. collection of cryptographic algorithms and protocols, implemented for use from python 2. program for design and analysis of subsonic airfoils. x.org glint/permedia video driver electronic trading platform from discount brokerage firm interactive brokers compatibility result module read data from __data__ linux wireless library for the python wireless developer and pentester support library for preprocessor type conversions methods that simplify the setup of s3 generic functions and s3 methods. windowmaker dockapp to monitor memory and swap usage. pyenet is a python wrapper for the enet library memory based tagger server command-line tool to download manga from lots of websites. git version an emacs major mode for twitter (git version) classic, elegant & sober typeface, from pablo impallari c/boost asio based websocket client/server library a library that can be used to retrieve program settings from a variety of sources static site generator written in rust crossplatform graphical user interface to generate one-time passwords. a kde utility that allows you to manage disks, partitions, and file systems. (git version) linux led controller for logitech g213, g410, g413, g610, g810, g910 and gpro keyboards analysis software for cellular images coloured output for nosetests a rust port of shadowsocks https://shadowsocks.org/ none library providing a more convenient use of datetimes the aerospike c client provides a c interface for interacting with the aerospike database. perl/cpan module lingua::en::number::isordinal: detect if english number is ordinal or cardinal high performance layout viewer and editor. support of gds and oasis files. php_codesniffer tokenizes php, javascript and css files to detect and fix violations of a defined set of coding standards. keccak-family checksum calculator, including sha-3 host kernel modules for virtualbox running under linux-lqx. abstract base class for class::dbi plugins an app for checking xbox 360 isos perl/cpan module gravatar::url: make urls for gravatars from an email address an open source encryption program that uses the one-time pad method. a set of scripts to work with your repository the spacenav project provides a free, compatible alternative, to the proprietary 3dconnexion device driver and sdk, for their 3d input devices (called 'space navigator', 'space pilot', 'space traveller', etc). reading/writing of complete files with unicode support (obsolete) lightweight, advanced audio player focused on audio quality modern http benchmarking tool optimizes existing apng animation management plugin for personal collection of glsl shaders for libretro fuzzy string matching in python a script that cleans docker containers, images, volumes, and networks. cli tool for stikked based pastebin services a libpurple/pidgin plugin for discord. telegram desktop with bigger sticker panel and dark colour scheme patches. a document viewer modular in-buffer completion framework for emacs none a declarative way to read and write binary file formats ros - geometry library. russian language pack for firefox beta a tool to create diffs of binary files. a sophisticated sequence matching library bundled with a delta creator and patch tool. server automation framework and application x keyboard configuration files danish dictionary for aspell lightweight c command line option parser opentype text shaping engine (mingw-w64) a library for playing streamed audio from video games (for audacious) a least recently used (lru) cache for python. trayer fork with multi monitor support, cleaned up codebase and other fancy stuff a python 2 google books api library the new multimedia player(based on smplayer) with clean and elegant ui (mozilla plugin only). lantern is a free desktop application that delivers fast, reliable and secure access to the open internet. (stable channel) cantora ('singer' in spanish) is a friendly semi formal, semi condensed, semi sans serif, from pablo impallari a small utility to modify the dynamic linker and rpath of elf executables forked from the original control a wolf in a spaceship and abduct sheep in 3d (arcade game) userspace fault injection framework a powerful content-generation tool for writers lpr and cups driver for the brother hl3170cdw the aufs-compatible linux kernel and modules a virtual network service for openstack - plumgrid plugin a set of guile scheme modules to facilitate http, url and cgi programming wallpaper browser/cycler for fluxbox, etc, and batch image-processing frontend for cli programs such as feh and imagemagick context sensitive completion for ocaml in vim and emacs the icedove / thunderbird gnupg encryption plugin. binary version. sys-hostaddr provides methods to help retreive ip address and interface information about a local host catalan hyphenation rules a 3d gravity cave-exploration game based on the classic sfcave opensource implementation of zrtp keys exchange protocol open files by mime-type or file name using regular expressions. variant of the turkish-f layout with symbols and usage adapted from programmer dvorak replaces actual time with simulated time bandwidth measurement tool over icmp an ms-explorer like file manager for x with archlinux xfp support. check outdated cargo dependencies pixel measurement (ruler) tool on linux make images look as if they are made out of 1x1 lego blocks distributes the lines of a tagged text into several files jim's fonts for x a highly scalable ircv3-compliant ircd a library to read nx files algorithms for smoothing noisy data python module providing an easy way to pilot your odoo servers through rpc. a date and time display plugin for the xfce panel a console program which writes a calendar together with chinese calendar to standard output. easy on the eyes gnome shell, gtk2, gtk3 and cinnamon themes client library for openstack dbaas api a fast, type-safe c entity-component system i3status replacement written in python for the i3 window manager userspace daemon that abstracts access to the kernel driver. provides a dbus service for applications to use. an high dynamic-range image file format library (mingw-w64) tool for using the wii u gamecube adapter on linux nvidia drivers for linux waitron will deliver a kernel/initrd/commandline set to be used by pixiecore. fast indexed python2 html parser which builds a dom node tree, providing common getelementsby* functions for scraping, testing, modification, and formatting graphical client (wx) for the x2go system distcc services package for arm perl namespace::sweep cpan module visual profiler for python tuned opencl blas library (works with opencl 1.1) css and javascript compressor fast and light rss/atom feed reader written in qt/с pyscard is a python module adding smart cards support to python argument parsing for humans for python 3 a simple mixer applet for the system tray sourcegear diffmerge is an application to visually compare and merge files. a cross-platform tool for building shopify themes common library with functions for tools developed at tilburg centre for cognition and communication (tilburg university) and centre for language and speech technology (radboud university nijmegen) transparent bidirectional bridge between git and bazaar for git firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - basque black and red glossy theme for lxqt fast mandelbrot fractal generator written in c arc file archiver and compressor. long since superceeded by zip/unzip but useful if have old .arc files need to unpack. a file manager plugin to launch a file transfer job with a specified contact interacting with google drive spreadsheets from python or the command-line ppapi-host npapi-plugin adapter. a bayesian adapter trimmer a whiptail tui for diatheke bible software split timer for speedrunning gstreamer multimedia framework ugly plugins (gst-plugins-ugly), lib32 online planning worksheets - tool to help with hacmp cluster planning convert clonecd cuesheets (.ccd) to less-compatible cdrwin cuesheets (.cue). collection of openbox pipemenus from bunsenlabs linux the mate panel (gtk2 version) .ini file parser and writer module for perl 6 mtpfs with better support for android vorbis codec library (psp) the linux-baytrail49 with baytrail freeze fixes and integrated rtl8723bs wifi driver  kernel and modules web page renderer based on webkit x session manager low-level drawing and interaction packages numerical optimization for robotics a sbb/cff/ffs (swiss railway) commandline based timetable client wolfenstein: enemy territory 2.60b compatible client/server (etlegacy engine, 32 bit) driver for rtl8723bu lightweight and unobtrusive visual text editor optimized for dvorak keyboard users. library for accessing mail storages in mbox format bitcoin cross-platform c development toolkit none the pantheon session handler generate directory tree representation in different formats super mario multiplayer game. a pretty simple icon theme, derived from ultra-flat-icons, paper and flattr lightweight gtk music manager that aims to be fast, bloat-free and light on memory consumption a set of command line tools to manipulate szs, u8, brres, breff, breft, bmg, kmp, tex, tpl, and staticr.rel files of mario kart wii a perl script for converting ogg to mp3 cups driver for brother dcp-j125 printer lightweight c template library for vector and matrix math, a.k.a. linear algebra. (mingw-w64) microsoft azure storage client library for python a micro display manager (like cdm, tdm etc.) with multi display/session support. written in posix shell without any dependencies and having only 31 sloc. a toolset of small support modules used throughout the dry-rb ecosystem. search short sequences in large database sequences by computing all semi-global alignments build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) applet that shows now playing music ros - diagnostic_common_diagnostics. tabbed, vte-based terminal emulator (gtk2 version) (r)?ex deployment & configuration management a turn-based strategy game themed on the early european colonization of the new world library for picotech oscilloscope 4000a series (4824) lightweight llvm python binding for writing jit compilers par2 verification and repair program for kde4 ros - ros package tool. tennis game for all tennis lovers an italian male voice for the mbrola synthesizer yet another virtual keyboard for gnome. http://blog.du-a.org/?cat=9 shell extension that let window that demand attention to steal focus a simple interface to the offliberty.com download service the most advanced bitcoin wallet. encoding and decoding of application/x-www-form-urlencoded encoding. free onedrive client written in d experimental (restricted) python-to-c compiler (development version) access inotify events via python (this is not related to python-pynotify!) glove model for distributed word representation japanese dependency and case structure analyzer command to read a subunit file or stream and put the data in a sql db simple applet enhancement and configuration file for tmux a tactical first-person shooter video game set in the 24th century. extension for mercurial that allows using mercurial as a subversion client printer driver for xerox colorqube 9201/9202/9203 ros - geometry_msgs provides messages for common geometric primitives such as points, vectors, and poses. vapoursynth script editor browser source plugin for obs-studio based on qtwebkit library. common files for package variants for dooble gstreamer multimedia framework ffmpeg plugin (mingw-w64) an improved quake c compiler tigroup files manipulator for tilp system v release 4.0 curses emulation library, with static and shared libraries, inclusion of libtinfo. kernel modules for the zettabyte file system. documentation generator for php code using standard technology (src, docblock, xml and xslt) print drm device information manage class instances with dictionary perl-compatible, portable regexp library for common lisp frontend for ndiswrapper vim syntax highliting for the godot game engine scripting language gdscript perl/cpan module pdf::reuse: reuse and mass produce pdf documents 2d realtime strategy simulation with an emphasis on economy and city building. software defined radio (sdr) script to enable brainboxes serial and parallel ports pci pcie express pcmcia pm uc cc-525 cc-530 px-275 px-279 px-263 px-295 px-272 px-306 a simple cross-platform utility written in python which can update brother printer firmwares. a spanish mexican male voice for the mbrola synthesizer tools provided for managing the isoho.st virtual machine instances the mono module to make asp.net running on top of apache android sdk platform, api-18 a tabbed extension for rxvt-unicode with several enhancements a library designed to interconvert between many file formats used in molecular modeling and computational chemistry: python2 bindings a gtk 3 based gui for grep sets random pictures from web search as x background. plugin which adds support for the flac audio codec for ogmrip python client library for barbican python api for youtube - download videos and retrieve metadata from youtube. ide for the kinetis microcontrollers range from nxp. based on eclipse. contemporary cursors convert jflap file into a latex file depicting the automaton using tikz german -> french dictionary for dictd et al. from freedict.org lightweight xcb-based desktop panel a mongodb performance tuning tool that compares queries to the available indexes in the queried collection(s) and generates index suggestions based on simple heuristics. an iptables-based firewall for linux systems ('lite' version) high-speed packet processing framework (dev branch) - userland tools man pages for japanese(git version) a digital circuit simulator with a tcl/tk-based graphical editor. beta version perl auto connector pac manager. git version with fixed freerdp interface. shiki colors gtk theme, based off numix takes lists of seed packages and expands their dependencies to produce a full list of packages. this can be used for purposes such as managing the list of packages present in a derived distribution's archive or cd builds. java psp emulator nokia ring tone text transfer language (rtttl) parser for python nginx configuration static analyzer grappl is a clever little tool that lets you host any type of server anywhere for free, with no port forwarding and no vps. your router doesn't even have to support upnp. you don't even have to have a router. you can do it through your phone! track-o-bot is a small, easy-to-use app which automatically tracks your hearthstone matches. no packet sniffing, just parsing hs logs. a free to use program that lets you create and perform real-time audio visual presets. direct connect hub software, based on open dc hub but with many enhancements wxwidgets base (gnome/gstreamer free!) a library implementing the 'semver' scheme a libc optimized for small size single particle reconstruction from images of known geometry a simple qt/jack recorder crypto toolkit (self-contained no external libraries needed) lua 5.2 bindings for posix apis graphical app launcher for x with few dependencies pkcs11 driver for the gemalto cryptocard token the semantic version parser used by npm a set of libraries and drivers for fast packet processing portable lossless data compression library (mingw-w64) picflash upload tool determines a dependency graph between python modules primarily by bytecode analysis for import statements secure-boot tool libmagic binding for lua provides categorized apps menus similar to those found in mate or xfce a minimal screenshot tool aiming to provide good control over screenshot region. flic sdk for linux a webp plugin for gimp. allowing to export/import to this format. tpm management software providing an easy to use graphical user interface gstreamer multimedia framework ugly plugin libraries ghost-compatible blogging platform written in golang phylogenetic estimation using (maximum) likelihood plugin for firefox that allows you to change tabs by scrolling in the tabbar. stop-motion software command line tool for rendering images and videos inside terminals. a plugin for gkrellm for screen lock and screen shoot a particle physics program for drawing feynman diagrams. software library for geolocation written by the usgs remove leading and/or trailing whitespace from strings perl/cpan module json::validator: validate data against a json schema recursively find newest file in a hierarchy and print its timestamp r package for analyzing weighted, two-mode, and longitudinal networks a small application that takes care of setting the background image, created due to a friend requesting to have different wallpapers on the different workspaces in pekwm devdocs desktop application in gtk3. multiple api documentations in a fast, organized, and searchable interface. major mode for editing whitespace (an esoteric programming language). blender addon for editing multiple meshes at once. trained language data for tesseract ocr engine module and command-line tool for currency conversion and rate retrieval. extensions for python markdown an analog clock displaying the system-time assist the transition from pgplot to plplot in fortran programs welcome to adventure!! ralink rt3562 pci wlan adaptors kernel module okcash qt wallet simple, flexible and modular assertion macro chiq font by andrew paglinawan c scanner generator gwsocket is a simple, standalone, language-agnostic, rfc6455 compliant websocket server, written in c. an excellent sans serif font for screen legibility tool for quickly producing a gschem symbol from a minimal description convert x font from pcf to bdf library for the arithmetic of complex numbers with arbitrarily high precision (mingw-w64) the rust toolchain installer microsoft azure command-line tools vm command module a highly customizable and functional web browser. a fairly standard chess program a small sample cross-platform networking library (mingw-w64) unicode enabled rxvt-clone terminal emulator (urxvt) with fixed font spacing, no increment resizing, clear patched to behave like vtes (keep all lines) and secondarywheel. meliaesvg icon theme set - dark/light panels version tex to html translator the original adventure game for the old atari 2600 game console gui application for verifying and generating checksums data files for libthesky a fast and powerful open source alternative to grep mycroft core, the mycroft artificial intelligence platform. contribute to this package at: https://gitlab.com/rafamanzo/aur-mycroft-core project ctr tools a scss compiler for python ros - simple script to check battery status. data manipulation toolbox similar to r data.frame mitm data analysis utility for pokemon go set of tools for working with next generation sequencing data in the bam format full regular expressions api luawrapper for c maemo flasher-3.12.1 tool for harmattan very efficient way of converting postscript and pdf documents into djvu a modded version of the vuze bittorrent client with multiple spoofing capabilities gmpris gdbus bindings gdbus bindings generated from the gmpris xml spec files. secret of mana font converted to ttf desktop application that enables you to use your online services from one app video editor fira code (mozilla version) is fira mono with less line space (1.0) – does not include programming ligatures manage gnome shell applications folders. lightweight web browser (gtk2) lightweight system monitor for x, with lua support enabled flip clock screensaver like fliqlo package provides binary-, redblack- and avl-trees in python and cython. a linux desktop which provides advanced innovative features and a traditional user experience snake-based zpg game a drop-in replacement for smbus-cffi/smbus-python in pure python find and hardlink duplicate files. a kde subtitle editor transliterates non-latin character sets to latin al-anvar is an open source freeware dedicated for quranic study and research a diff/patch pair for json-serialized data structures openstack common libraries - a library of various low-level utility modules generate input records for the sort benchmarks presented on www.sortbenchmark.org bitcoin arbitrage with a long/short market-neutral strategy hash-based (sha-3) qt password generator and manager a module and utility to flash python onto the bbc micro:bit an open source and cross-platform c/c ide a set of complementary tools to react, including the jsx transformer ros - this package contains a recent version of the bayesian filtering library (bfl), distributed by the orocos project. convenient global date printer a netctl dispatcher script for chrony shared shell scripts commonly used in bunsenlabs linux projects command line tool to fetch summaries from mediawiki wikis, like wikipedia the admin server componenet of the 389 directory server console for install from the admin server.. a photo collection manager and viewer with content-based search and many other features the interactive web server memory-based tagger-generator and tagger in one. actions gestures on your touchpad using libinput a stand-alone library which transforms all variants of kernel mt events to the slotted type b protocol (32-bit) legacy version of gmp. provides libgmp.so.3 (32 bit) ros - theora_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending an image stream encoded with the theora codec. plugin for vapoursynth: nnedi3_rpow2 (git version) ros - this contains cvbridge, which converts between ros image messages and opencv images. media player for linux (no lirc-utils and smbclient deps) webapp for zarafa kde daemon maia gtk theme module::install - standalone, extensible perl module installer simple random generators api for cryptography related code selinux alpm hook vim syntax highlighting for pacman log files kwindowsystem eru chitanda runs across your terminal when you type "erutaso" as you meant to type "ls". a pure-python implementation of snmp/smi mib parsing and conversion library. can produce pysnmp mib modules. ldap schema for fusiondirectory samba plugin devpi upload/install/... workflow commands for python developers simple library to make working with stl files (and 3d objects in general) fast and easy. binary-decimal and decimal-binary routines for ieee doubles (32-bit) german language pack for seamonkey a graphical user interface toolkit for x window systems. a simple python wrapper to access itunes store api lightweight, multi-platform, multi-architecture cpu emulator framework based on qemu wow such top. so stats alternative google play (with gui) client to download android apk files to your computer a simple password store using aes-256-cbc encryption via openssl script for maintaining an up-to-date offline mirror of a youtube channel. two factor luks disk encryption using yubikey challenge response hybris allows to use bionic-based hw adaptations in glibc systems (ext version) brewstillery is a brewer's, vintner's, and distiller's calculator. it has a multitude of great functions, such as calculating abv, determining carbonation, and total sparge water needed. a collection of system76 wallpapers lower sorbian language pack for firefox beta the transifex command-line tool to download and upload translations from transifex (development version) declarative xml processing for python. a serif latin & cyrillic font, derived from the "adobe utopia" font by apanov simple gtk3 mame front-end wich supports both xmame and sdlmame. the gibbs motif sampler for identifying motifs, conserved regions, in dna or protein sequences epson printer driver (l100, l200) filter error messages from systemd journal, similar to logcheck/logwatch. the free pascal compiler is a turbo pascal 7.0 and delphi compatible pascal compiler. it comes with fully tp 7.0 compatible run-time library. parallel partitioning, load balancing and data-management services complete solution to record, convert and stream audio and video a network emergency console for linux which uses lowlevel linux system calls epson printer driver (ep-706a, ep-776a) emacs po-mode for editing gettext .po files (gettext-tools) block letter oriented font used in german schools for teaching individual handwriting. pythonic dbus library a tool to calculate optical paths and resonators based on gaussian beam matrix optics gui app for changing the settings of grub, grub2, usplash and splashy generation of comparison functions from types perl interface to libgtop mozilla sync server for nextcloud enable/disable an nginx site/virtual host a frontend to the panorama-tools sphinx theme used by guzzle fat filesystems explore, extract, repair, and forensic tool a preprocessor-pretty-printer of ocaml. (transitional) slimserver for logitech squeezebox players. this server is also called logitech media server. (git-version, if you prefer stability consider using logitechmediaserver instead) a lightweight approach to building html5 applications with emphasis on elegance and simplicity. tools for the arch linux archive. pure ruby ldap library logging library for java ros - the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl) defines a tree structure to represent the kinematic and dynamic parameters of a robot mechanism. an extension module for click to enable registering cli commands via setuptools entry-points. a slender monospace typeface. shape: default. generate and change colorschemes on the fly a server designed to handle the increased needs of modern web applications implemented in pure python most comprehensive openssl module in the lua universe for lua 5.3 emacs major mode for editing files in textile markup tidy module for php virtual stopwatch runtime libraries shipped by gcc for multilib solaris porting layer kernel headers. real-time performance monitoring, in the greatest possible detail, over the web. the open source modelica suite - openmodelica plot an introduction to emacs lisp (spanish translation) pluggable bulk data loader. a tool to help you write binary exploits evernote sdk for python auto straighten lines of text in scanned documents brazilian portuguese translation for teamspeak3 hexen port accurately reproducing the original dos exes. adds markdown support to your flask application control mi home devices, such as mi robot vacuums, mi air purifiers, mi smart home gateway (aqara) and more vmware horizon client connect to vmware horizon virtual desktop a fork of minetest, an infiniminer/minecraft inspired game (experimental branch) defragments your firefox "places" database (history/bookmarks). this greatly reduces the lag while typing in the address bar and the start-up time. a graphical tool to extract parts of a pdf as a pdf vte-like scroll wheel support for urxvt fonts supplied with mathtype a set of guitar pedal simulation lv2 plugins from the guitarix project. namecoin-style names using consensus instead of proof of work mode s multilateration client. (by mutability) free python library for accessing datove schranky easily create navigation for flask applications. a simple starter kit for any module create hardlinks between duplicate files. stock exchange, trading and technical analysis platform module for nginx web server for handling file uploads using multipart/form-data encoding (rfc 1867) google's language-neutral, platform-neutral, extensible mechanism for serializing structured data. geoip database for xtables. a program to send mail via smtp from command line. this light gray gtk theme aims to be clean and easy to our poor eyes. lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-l2680w ros - ros driver for a generic linux joystick. lttng tracing control tools erp ilm openconcerto beta channel client multi and mono an automatic theorem prover - download release binary program for reducing size of svg images without loss space nerds in space open source spaceship bridge simulator. sdl graphic primitives (version 2) (mingw-w64) ros - an rqt-based tool that assists monitoring tasks for moveit! motion planner developers and users. cursors similliar to windows 8 cursor a file-browser through a gtk2 tray status icon. lxqt about dialog. unix-domain socket client-server command-line tools babl is a dynamic, any to any, pixel format translation library. minimal build of the pidgin im library (no gstreamer, perl and x11 dependencies) a set of programs for protein sequence homology detection by iterative hmm-hmm comparison for computational biology like psi-blast a modified version of the numix gtk theme modeled to look somewhat like osx a simple python2 utility that allows you to utilize the 12factor inspired database_url environment variable to configure your django application. colorbrewer color schemes in gnuplot ffmpeg gtk client for quick webms convertions openconnect 4.x tiny gui for feh terminal top-like monitor for icecream/icecc abi generic analysis and instrumentation library knowledge, blog, sharing, cooperation. xml-based description language for computational models in systems biology a systemd web based user interface for linux servers (minimal setup with system graphs, journalctl, storage, network, user accounts, systemd services and terminal) a small and lightweight text editor. x-apps project. double-entry accounting from text files cross-platform software-defined radio application ros - rqt_robot_steering provides a gui plugin for steering a robot using twist messages. gnome port of the inform 7 ide for the inform 7 programming language for interactive fiction libretro implementation of handy. (atari lynx) ros - some basic robot controllers for use with robot_controllers_interface. a forward-chaining rule-based programming language written in c that also provides procedural and object-oriented programming facilities. ntfs-3g plugin for reading "system compressed" files a tool that allows clients behind nat to communicate without any port forwarding multithreaded video transcoder (cli) a library for choosing window system and opengl api at runtime (32 bits) log4r, logging framework for ruby a ppx rewriter that simplifies building s-expressions from ocaml values spec tests for your puppet manifests. the next-generation jack with smp support python bindings to libsensors (via ctypes) zyre - an open-source framework for proximity-based peer-to-peer applications (zeromq) ros - the tf2_py package. open robot control software is a tool to create real-time robotics applications using modular, run-time configurable software components (orogen) polish locale for keepass a small python module for determining appropriate platform-specific dirs, e.g. a "user data dir". collection of festival utilities including modules for speech-dispatcher support a turn-based tactics game that takes place on the fictional south atlantic island of metavira. manage python installations in your $home converts shell script to c source code, and then compiles it. do not use this to encrypt your scripts as it is not meant to be used for that. tomoyo linux userspace tools for linux kernels >=3.2 labelled transition system analyser, a verification tool for concurrent systems ros - playstation 3 sixaxis or dual shock 3 joystick driver. python packages tools an abstract realtime strategy/action game in space less indentation and newlines plus sub deparsing browse reddit from your terminal application to reset many ms wireless mice models to stop excessive wheel scrolling (only needed if dual booting with windows) dockapp for system performance indicators. free open-source cross-platform disk encryption software (cli) python binding for frog, a nlp suite for dutch containing a part-of-speech tagger, lemmatizer, morphological analyser, named entity recognition, shallow parser and dependency parser ignition message protobuf messages and functions for robot applications modern gtk python ebook reader app to easily read epub files faster conversions to/from bencode format simple 2 panes file manager script to start pale moon with temporary empty profile mathml renderer for java python wrapper for the openstreetmap overpass api fifechan is a c gui library designed for games. it comes with a standard set of 'widgets'. ros - rosconsole_bridge is a package used in conjunction with console_bridge and rosconsole for connecting console_bridge-based logging to rosconsole-based logging. ctags-compatible tag generator for go. virtual keyboard-like emoji picker for linux a dhcp and dhcpv6 client keeps data synchronised between various computers automatically. http(s) load generator, apachebench (ab) replacement, written in go dockable cpu indicator for window maker ldap module for php pack and unpack rpg maker data files a wiki editor, currently it supports markdown(markdown extra) and multi-markdown. devel::nytprof - powerful fast feature-rich perl source code profiler a free finite-difference time-domain simulation software package mpd controller library. useful scripts, systemd timer/service units and their configuration common data files for simplix-theme certificates and key reader/writer a browser for geometric (i.e. euclidean, riemann, minkowski) spaces python 2.x module providing x2go client api urho3d is a free lightweight, cross-platform 2d and 3d game engine implemented in c and released under the mit license. the open source java ee 8 reference implementation. examine, list and fix suspicious constructs in go source code a heavily modified version of the beautiful aurora engine erlang library and packrat parser-generator for parsing expression grammars py package and boost.python library provide a complete solution for interfacing python and c bindings for the musicbrainz ngs web service (ws/2) ros - metapackage of geometry tutorials ros. french (classic  1990 reform) hunspell dictionaries this is suruma, a font belonging to a set of truetype and opentype fonts released under the gnu general public license for malayalam language. network caller id client. penguins theme pack for xde a powerful tool for syntax analysis, the main idea of pattern matching comes from the snobol4 language. a package for obtaining bayesian inference using the no-u-turn sampler, a variant of hamiltonian monte carlo. python bindings for the snappy compression library. a c-like language with the functionality of bc/dc/expr in much-improved form. an efficient cross platform serialization library for c, with support for java, c# and go message sequence chart generator the open source modelica suite - openmodelica qwt library a basic interpreter multitouch gesture recognizer (built with qt5) unixbench is a simple benchmark whose purpose is to provide a basic indicator of the performance of a unix-like system. package containing open-xchange backend localization for de_de a collection of generic utilities for use in any python project pragmatic python implementation of compositional performance analysis (aka the symta/s approach provided by symtavision) used for research in worst-case timing analysis. simple calendar (caldav) and contact (carddav) server micmgmt tools of intel® manycore platform software stack a swiss army knife gui application for pdf documents mist like theme for gtk2/3 with colors from redmond theme. twiddles a thingy while-u-wait bashish is a theme enviroment for text terminals. it can change colors, font, transparency and background image on a per-application basis. system service update management made easy compiler and tools for the myrddin programming language. cups driver for samsung ml-1660, ml-1661, ml-1665, ml-1666 and ml-1667 printers iterative de bruijn graph assembler collection of tools to let /etc be stored in a git, hg or bzr repository - git checkout perl script to backup qemu machines build-tools for google android sdk (aapt, aidl, dexdump, dx, llvm-rs-cc) a bash script utility that resigns the android package (apk) files (android applications) with different certificates. an implementation of the smtp protocol using pear's net_socket class a modern, open library for the analysis of molecular dynamics trajectories the keybase go client, filesystem, and gui an ncurses reddit browser and monitor gnu emacs. version 25 maintenance branch. a simple rfc 865-compliant qotd (quote of the day) daemon. (git version) a set of lv2 audio effect plugins, ported from vst. methods for totally ordered indexed observations fast, resilient, reproducible builds with npm install. the console display manager libgaiagraphics is an open source library supporting common-utility raster handling methods. a pure interface to the berkeley socket functions. regular expression library for lua - oniguruma version displays canal group (mediahighway) and sky epg data a python2 version of gdb support for vim find, sort, order and convert your files with a free software kontalk official platform independent desktop client convenience layer atop ruby-ffi packaging tool built around the distributed, content addressed filesystem ipfs. it aims to be flexible, powerful and simple. the offline version of the entire pro git book, written by scott chacon and ben straub yet another python urllib. (python2 version) an ime word library converter support more than 20 ime tools. latest interactive unigine benchmark nagios status monitor for the desktop xfce keyboard leds panel plugin 'cp' and 'mv' utilities with progress bar patches gstreamer editing services (mingw-w64) simple benchmark for memory throughput and latency analog clock written in gtk3. the muscript music typesetting software and associated tools. phpqa all-in-one analyzer cli tool. script to toggle the touchpad; see https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/touchpad_synaptics#software_toggle. use desktop environment to set keyboard shortcut. provide a start script to start chromium-dev in incognito mode a dash generator script for any html the open source toolkit for secure sockets layer and transport layer security (32-bit, 0.9.8 branch) mud extension protocol library xml bomb protection for python stdlib modules ros - tutorial showing how to compile your own c program with rviz displays and features. mixed-level/mixed-signal circuit simulator based on spice3f5, ciber1b1, and xspice. surfn is a colourful icon theme. parse html reliably simple and easily configurable x-menu / program launcher. a free cross-platform real-time strategy gaming engine optional map files for fotoxx ros - cpp_common contains c code for doing things that are not necessarily ros related, but are useful for multiple packages. export and import xmms2 playlists and song statistics to plaintext. shows your tabs in the form of a tree structure. and also makes the user interface compact (optionally) to allow more space for the web. the amdgpu pro vulkan driver massif data visualization tool the advanced prince of persia engine, based on 1989 release crud framework control your desktop with your voice modern and full-featured lightdm theme neovim workspace manager plugin for managing groups of files a collection of polish translations of linux manual pages high performance netflow v5, v9, ipfix flow data export module for linux kernel google gadgets for linux (svn version, gtk toolkit) firebase management cross platform application. a new generation static website generator, featured by the mako (http://www.makotemplates.org/) template system, born from the need to have both performances and "web 2.0" contents and capabilities create refer databases from bibtex files. an approximate sequence pattern matcher for fastq/fasta files python 2 bindings for lvm bias elimination algorithm for deep sequencing. an unofficial extension pack providing gnome2 like features for gnome3. command-line tools for astronomy and astrophysics convert simple die into real exception object opengl puzzle game inspired by portal. stable branch. the virtual reality peripheral network lib and tools simple serial terminal ruby based dns updater for www.staticcling.org a free, community-sourced, machine-readable knowledge base of forensic artifacts that the world can use both as an information source and within other tools. an emacs major mode for editing sgml documents (alpha version) a dungeon crawler similar to angband, based on the works of tolkien. an asynchronous image/file downloader and thread archiver for imageboards. gnu libmicrohttpd is a small c library that is supposed to make it easy to run an http server as part of another application a simple mpd (music player daemon) client, powerd by qt force utf8 (unicode) flag on columns positional astronomy library cli tool for the particle hardware platform simple, suckless-style color grabber for x11 a virtual network service for openstack - plumgrid plugin dkms module which contains linux device driver for the ralink rt2860 abgn wlan card. it's based on halou89's rt5592sta_linux_patched package. background browser and setter for x windows - git version c library for bare metal systems rl78-elf target. various tools for jwm window manager. ros - compressed_depth_image_transport provides a plugin to image_transport for transparently sending depth images (raw, floating-point) using png compression. lpr and cups driver for the brother dcp7060d opennic dns service mozilla's javascript engine generate secure, memorable passwords inspired by xkcd and password haystacks command-line yaml processor - jq wrapper for yaml documents this software is a linux based client for various palace servers. a dot-accessible dictionary (a la javascript objects) an ounit extension, which helps testing interactive programs. mopidy extension for playing music from deezer open source slack-alternative in golang and react io can be captured latex class for brazilian computer society book chapters test your project's packaging friendliness posix library for lua a windowmaker dock applet for system monitoring. myzanichelli - la piattaforma che ti permette di consultare tutti i tuoi libri scolastici in versione multimediale e interattiva. ncurses based file manager with vi like keybindings tools for working with the folia format, based on libfolia. *not* the same as python package folia-tools! pyphen is a pure python module to hyphenate text using existing hunspell hyphenation dictionaries. script to download albums off imgur on the command line. chinese ime in testing. no copyright infringing materials included. tools to operate on lojban text (main feature: approximate translation to english). python bindings for gpgme browser that carries the best features from opera sparse solver library using gaussian elimination a subversion(svn) gui client written in java a cli tool to manage easily an archlinux system git subcommands for integrating with central services like github, gitlab and bitbucket dvb firmware from openelec project (git) canard is a library for dealing with controller area network (can) data from python log viewer for your web server (formerly the php apache log viewer) a python 3 library for working with bibliographic data encoded in marc21 a live-looping midi sequencer a tiny deployment pipeline coreclr debugger for the omnisharp visual studio code extension. after installation symlink /opt/dotnet/debugger as ~/.vscode/extensions/ms-vscode.csharp-?.?.?/.debugger an aac audio encoder (32 bit) ros - image_transport should always be used to subscribe to and publish images. an astronomical plotting library in python the next generation of the former software verification platform why a d compiler based on the llvm compiler infrastructure including d runtime and libphobos2 plantuml qeditor is a simple editor written in qt5 for plantuml ros - move_slow_and_clear. libraries for the zpoc christian file sharing program svorak, one swedish dvorak bitcoin command line tool python language bindings for gtkglext the mate settings daemon (gtk2 version) eclipse (former ibm) openj9 with openjdk9 stat(2) bit mask constants small and fast bayesian spam filter globalplatform libraries custom font based on star wars galactic basic (aurebesh/aurek-besh) by tycho_ordo on theforce.net - technumbers version exvim make the vim as an ide like environment all in vimscript. dmenu with pango and imlib support internet scrabble club client wxwidgets base (gnome/gstreamer free!) (32 bits) terminal emulation program for connecting to plan 9 cpu servers. really fast deployer and server automation tool. vdr plugin for doing extra fixing of epg data a lightweight image browser and viewer with remote support (lirc) a super-slick libretro frontend powered by qt 5 perl 6 interface to ncurses library an optimized parsing and printing library for json a lightweight lua-based ide for lua open source audio and video processing tools list directories and files in *nix system. a colourful alternative for /bin/ls opencl implemention for nvidia (346 series) convex optimization modelling in python top quality printer drivers for posix systems (cvs version) free multimedia container format. (git version) abstraction for enumerating power devices, listening to device events and querying history and statistics a re-implementation of rockstar games' grand theft auto iii documentation for decred fast, multi-threaded malloc and nifty performance analysis tools open source software for demodulating and decoding ais messages a dockapp displaying configurable buttons a file manager implemented via qtquick. library for keepassx libpurple plugin for torchat v2 - an im client built on top of tor chicken scheme egg: foreign helper macros for chicken 4 featureful kernel including various new features, code and optimizations to better suit desktops the new lighty: a small, secure, scalable, flexible webserver fast, compact, powerful binary (de-)serialization a high performance unix-based http server application for filling in and submitting smart forms (zfo) or work with form applications on desktop pc environment. without bundled wine. small framework for asynchrouns programming in python. it is a stripped down version of twisted's defer a terrain rendering toolkit for openscenegraph. dependency for qgis globe plugin fan control for dell laptops command line tool to crop pdf files a team-based, fast-paced, fps/rts hybrid game which pits aliens against humans. monthly alpha release. advanced easy editor. classic text editor with both curses and x11 interfaces. a light firefox edition a lightweight platform-independent c ide software solution for 3d printers uses wifi signals and machine learning to predict where you are a python-based ascii programming-puzzle game. celestia addon: spacecraft: other: deep impact smart automatic cover art downloader stores, retrieves, generates, and synchronizes passwords securely synchronize watching movies on mplayer2, vlc, mpv, and mpc-hc on many computers automation for de bruijn syntax and substition in coq. krunner plugin for kde telepathy lightweight document oriented database optimized for your happiness perl interface to rtorrent via xml-rpc. an extension for listing and validating external links notary is a project that allows anyone to have trust over arbitrary collections of data. a simple but feature-rich online music player using pyqt4 evolvere suit is an advanced theme for kde, gnome, mate. notetaking and sketching application epson printer driver (px-434a) fast, light file manager application for fltk graphic conversion utility to create cross stitches a real-time sound processor. you can plug your electric guitar or any other musical instrument directly to the pc's sound card and start experimenting with various sound effects. an open source 3d interactive world viewer library for communication with dive computers c bayesian networks library (mingw-w64) desktop shell that gets out of your way a utility that allows to call some x11 functions from cli or shell script python interface for the firmata command line utility for reading and querying windows nt registries command line interface to record a x11 desktop gopro vr player is a 360-degree video & photo player for desktop computers: watch 360° videos locally and enjoy professional playback features. quake ii - three wave capture the flag for yamagi-quake2 (development version) firefox's javascript engine with jit native code compilation. a hindi female voice for the mbrola synthesizer recover lost jpeg (.jpg) and mov files from a raw disk the purpose of this software is to convert aax files to a more common mp3 format through a basic bash script frontend to ffmpeg. a virtual network service for openstack - nec plugin image-based geometry reconstruction pipeline, structure-from-motion, (shading-aware) multi-view-stereo, surface-reconstruction, texturing, a fast-paced multiplayer pixel art shooter game. lisp installer and launcher gnu emacs [master] (shallow clone [20% disk space]) ultimate python 2 colorized logger with user-custom colors bluetooth subband codec (sbc) library (32-bit) gint and a libc for the casio fx9860 calculators latex macros for fitch style natural deduction python library for gpio access on a raspberry pi a window manager selector tool webos <-> pc connection, open source version set of programs to inspect and build windows installer (.msi) files an amelioration of gcc compiler which allow to compile a program without links in the command ! pure ocaml regular expressions, with support for perl and posix-style strings gnome icon pack based upon faenza, optimized for dark themes. all colors finding errors using n-gram data, french text still yet another sokoban create dependencies in makefiles pdf toolkit xml parser toolkit minecraft world editor 'zelda: navi's quest is a fan-made zelda game (english version) a cd ripper aiming for accuracy over speed, modelled after exact audio copy plug-in manager for vim music pack for colobot gold real-time strategy game. set unsplash wallpapers with colorschemes a python script which takes as input an ac3 or dts file and encapsulates it in an iec61937 stream. open-source server which enables highly reliable distributed coordination a simple xcb window manager inspired by awesome, xmonad, and dwm. vim syntax highlighting for openscad files the collection of base networking utilities for linux ros - standalone python library for generating ros message and service data structures for various languages. ros - components of moveit used for manipulation. wren is a small, fast, class-based concurrent scripting language a nl80211 based cli configuration utility for wireless devices kerberos challenge response authentication protocol cups drivers for a variety of samsung printers easily convert pdf to multiple image formats with a single click. c version of pdf2img. sdl library that does not use backing store by default (prevent tearing due to a bug in xserver) python interface to cmu sphinxbase and pocketsphinx libraries playform is an open-world sandbox game written in rust - server tcp port scanner, spews syn packets asynchronously, scanning entire internet in under 5 minutes an encode::encoding subclass that detects the encoding of data an immensely fast jpeg thumbnailer library api. capability do (like a sudo providing users with just the capabilities they need)) ros - libccd is library for collision detection between two convex shapes. simple api to use logging features in lua rpc via udp a vimball generator python ffi bindings for libsecp256k1 catalan translation for ultravnc viewer a slender monospace typeface. shape: pragmata pro. deprecated libraries for the bluetooth protocol stack (32-bit) api for reading & writing xspf playlists a library that makes consuming a rest api easier and more convenient a docker-native clustering system a vi clone with optional x support. stable or beta version. flexible text progress bar library for ruby https://github.com/pelzlpj/orpie library for handling paper characteristics (32-bit) provides many of the features of grep, egrep, and fgrep with greatly enhanced performance. a complete re-implementation of the hp-42s calculator and the hp-82240 printer ros - package modeling the run-time dependencies for language bindings of messages. improve your network quality on a high-latency lossy link by using forward error correction png format graphic files library (for nintendo gamecube/wii/wii u homebrew development) ros - a python gui plugin for introspecting available ros message types. a tool to investigate the history of source code. converts well-structured man pages to texinfo format bayesian phylogenetic inference using probabilistic graphical models and an interpreted language oslo messaging api serve 9p from unix. structured configuration library for python3 a small, static webserver - git checkout open source c fix engine retrieve and parse whois data for ipv4 and ipv6 addresses hash::slice lets you easily make a deep slice of a hash, specifically a hash containing one or more nested hashes. the gnu compiler collection (mips64-elf) live coding demo for the raspberry pi the default wallpapers for antergos rewrite strings based on a set of known prefixes visualize pacman local database using vis.js, inspired by pacgraph a modern fork of nethack a hack to disable gtk 3 client side decoration epson printer driver (px-402a) a lightweight, portable wiki engine based on django free document preparation system automated srr (rescene) verification and reconstruction. archlinux upgrade tool webrtc audio/video call and conferencing server (development version) a gtk based irc client multimedia framework ayylmao default gtk engine provided by fedora8. multilib. kde telepathy contact list application a sound editor for kde. (git version) interactive process viewer with solarized patch a high-performance, feature-packed javascript library for displaying map data. a qt/c gui front end to cryfs, gocryptfs, securefs and encfs a set of pure lua libraries focusing on input data handling, functional programming, and os path management lists of reserved barewords and symbol names a vpn server over websockets reallive clone for linux and osx gets you gopher protocol support in kio. slideshow presentation tool for those who are frustrated with powerpoint and its clones rust bindings and wrappers for gnome libraries simple parser for lm-sensors output extra tools built using clang's tooling apis, patched for pypy-stm gnu linear programming kit : solve lp, mip and other problems. (mingw-w64) a lexer and codec to work with latex code in python pdo driver for oci8 common configuration modules for managing iscsi gateways for ceph performance and usability-oriented extensions to c a python module for easily building good multi-command scripts (an improved cmd.py) arch linux archive get package ldap schema for fusiondirectory quota plugin set of objects (smalltalkish: identityset) librerías para radit/iradit. qemu without gui. git version. convenience wrapper for ruby's env toolset for daemonizing and supervising processes extension for gates-of-tartaros to minimise memory usage after logging in a cross-platform data exchange language and a multi-paradigm dynamic programming language smart replacement for plain tuple used in __version__ perform refactorings specified by the refact library a tiny xmms2 client that skips back a few seconds every time a song resumes from pause. simple shell based ca utility - git checkout user interface builder for gtk and gnome (latest version for gtk2) database connectivity for perl 6 in ufo: alien invasion you fight aliens trying to capture earth (dev version) a fast inline deduplication filesystem for linux. based on fuse tool for replacing genext2fs when creating ext4 images java based free ftp, amazon s3, amazon glacier, and google storage client. multiple alignment program for amino acid or nucleotide sequences a python module for easily building good multi-command scripts provides dependencies and common fixes for matlab. contra-esque action game with retro cartoon visuals. gog version, uses wine. highlight which characters to target for f, f and family perform the same request against two http servers and diff the results a reboot of an opensource password safe which helps you to manage your passwords in an easy and secure way with a modern browser extension kernel driver for razer devices (dkms-variant) (git version) return across multiple call levels decrypts playstation vita pkg file and packages to zip archive perl/cpan module file::blarf - simple reading and writing of files plugin for vapoursynth: continuityfixer (git version) conversion of svgs to pdfs via cairo ros - visualization_msgs is a set of messages used by higher level packages, such as rviz, that deal in visualization-specific data. ros - c ros message and service generators. the general purpose organ, which replicates the essential features of any pipe, theatre, or reed organ. kernel headers for the zettabyte file system. extended pickling support for python objects fortune quotes from /g/. varoius gimp scripts made by elsamuko subtitle editor written in bash a free opengl game based on the super nintendo classic tetris attack, with fedora's patches legacy web content engine for gtk 2 us english large hunspell dictionaries language bindings for radare2 (git version) geeteedee is a fancy, lightweight and easy to use task management software for gtd play video in the terminal awesome effects for nvidia geforce gtx leds official icq client for linux. binary version. implementation in python of the cloud and shadow algorithms known collectively as fmask screen dna sequences for interspersed repeats and low complexity dna sequences utilities related to prime numbers and factoring, using gmp gui for multiple sequence alignment and molecular phylogeny listenpipe sits between two applications that are interfaced with pipes, passes through data as-is, and stores what is sent/received in a logfile hermeneus is a grecian style font, from pablo impallari draw non-overlapping rectangles around the clue cells to completely cover the grid by rectangles. minefield game written in c and ncurses ros - python ros message and service generators. gnome shell cpu frequency monitor and governor manager. an emacs library that enhances minibuffer completion add-on for firefox and thunderbird to enable integration with gnome native notification system. an aac encoder which outputs raw aac simple server that scrapes haproxy stats and exports them via http for prometheus consumption (binary, not built from source) ftl: faster than light, a spaceship simulation real-time roguelike-like (requires full copy of the game) nativescript sidekick is a desktop gui that enhances the power of the nativescript cli and simplifies the development of mobile applications. it is designed to be a companion that complements your code editor, source control, and any other tools you use. prosody modules synchronous multi-room audio player create a splash screen command line client for pcloud bulk rename utility convert english/hebrew text to hebrew/english text mera-400 awp (high-precision arithmetic) library bitcoin unlimited versions of bitcoind, bitcoin-cli, and bitcoin-tx a monospaced bitmap font, modified from triskweline for better code readability. ground control station to configure cc3d, revolution controllers cpan/extutils::cbuilder - compile and link c code for perl modules execute and control os processes from erlang vm modifies .desktop files for firejail. a small syslogd integration libraries for magnum opengl graphics engine (git version) continuation queues: embeddable asynchronous networking, threading, and notification framework for lua 5.2 lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j985dw printer python 2 ordered multivalue dictionary ladspa audio effect plugins from invada, ported from vst. you probably want the lv2 versions, this is provided for compatibility. imap module for php an ncurses console audio player with support for pulseaudio perl compatible regular expressions for ocaml dependencies for building ros on arch mozilla's zilla slab type family opengl powered animated wallpapers with configuration utility, autostart, and application indicator. a slender monospace typeface. shape: source code pro. utilities to view kmsg/printk/dmesg timestamps in local time and date, utc, or epoch seconds, taking into account clock drift select text and press altz for translate using google translate linear and nonlinear mixed effects models. python module designed to help make the creation, manipulation and analysis of binary data as simple and natural as possible php bindings of the opengl and glut libraries. none a sans-serif typeface designed for the firefox os. compiled, garbage-collected systems programming language which has an excellent productivity/performance ratio a digital life assistant (dla) that provides a framework allowing various components to communicate, inspired by iron man's jarvis adds sql read/write support to agate evas/edje (efl) introspection utility - development version protocol buffers are google's data interchange format. an optimized distributed gradient boosting library designed to be highly efficient, flexible and portable the popular and trusted web browser by google (stable channel) clone of the xsublim screensaver perl/cpan module pdf::table: a utility class for building table layouts in a pdf::api2 object. roccat tools common files a decentralized messaging and sharing app built on top of secure scuttlebutt (ssb) library and tools to access the windows nt registry file (regf) format a jabber/xmpp connection manager for telepathy, patched to connect to cisco jabber servers boblight with data from softhddevice opengl and vulkan debugging tool - binary version locale plug for switchboard lightweight time tracker (gtk) issue sql commands from ipython. mojolicious ♥ postgresql a smart, unjustly outcasted reverse imap proxy that lives at the perimeter of your imap environment. synchronize audio strips in the blender vse custom version of embree exposing bvh builder for use with luxrays applet for mate panel which can load external xfce4 panel plugins like xfce4-whiskermenu-plugin or xfce4-weather-plugin library for shogi (japanese chess) playing programs anyevent http server for psgi (like thin) adwaita theme for thunderbird (matches the default gnome shell theme) checks filenames for compatibility with sysv and ms-dos limits. generate earth wall with cloud ide for lua language. standalone eclipse plugin. experimental addons for outspline a python module for learning all major algorithms yeoman generator for angularjs with an express server http://yeoman.io displays information about seats for users of logind xfce service menus for beyond compare 4 selinux common intermediate language compiler fortune quotes from kyle xy pony splash screen for eclipse command-line productivity booster, offers quick access to files and directories hdaps userspace hard drive protection daemon allows easy deconstruction and reconsutrction of firmware images for various embedded devices a qt-based c library for oauth authorization scheme ros - this package defines messages for mrpt arc theme for kvantum ros - a hub acts as a shared key-value store for multiple ros systems (primarily used by gateways). library and scriptable command line interface to keepassx add extra stashes of data to your objects free/libre implementation of the settlers ii game engine simple generic tabbed fronted to xembed aware applications a tool for reengineering android apk files kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-tomoyo kernel enhanced, modern tool for communicating over jtag with flash chips, cpus,and many more adapt your computer's appearance and settings according to the environment. pam module for local authenticaction with bluetooth devices. c compiler for 6502 family microprocessors lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j475dw convenient method for adjusting the backlight on your portable computer methods and classes for object-oriented programming in r with or without references. open source host-based intrusion detection system open source multilanguage caldav web client a virtual analogue synthesizer. qml/c-written desktop client for twitch.tv ty3status is an i3status replacement written in typescript with first classes support for javascript blocks. xml-libxml-iterator perl module (xml::libxml's tree iteration class) a static analysis tool for c. a python module to make simple guis with rofi a simple object base class xmpp chat for nextcloud pretty, minimal and fast zsh prompt generic python packager for android / ios and desktop a top-down, tactical voxel shooter, inspired by games like snd online, voxatron/ace of spades and wolfenstein: enemy territory extension for deploying jupyter notebooks as dynamic dashboards a very small but feature rich scripting language. a netload plugin for the xfce pane a neovim plugin that allows you to use the tab key to do all insert completion. status monitor for nagios, icinga, zabbix and more set of widgets for kivy inspired by google's material design. parses java .class files into ocaml data structures ros - a 2d navigation stack that takes in information from odometry, sensor streams, and a goal pose and outputs safe velocity commands that are sent to a mobile base. polish language pack for seamonkey software for traditional astrology in wxpython assets management for ruby web applications. an unladen web framework for building apis and app backends. russian hyphenation rules morse: the modular open robots simulator engine tool to translate ansi c code to nim on-screen creature a community python library for astronomy a music visualizer using alsa input and libvisual a utility to resize fat filesystems using libparted. emulation station is a flexible emulator front-end supporting keyboardless navigation and custom system themes. ssl/ssh vnc viewer for controlling some pulseaudio properties ros - a path planner library and node. commandline utility for sending and receiving email a richly featured, open source job scheduling library that can be integrated within virtually any java application networkmanager ipsec vpn plugin for libreswan english phrasebook that helps to learn language a command-line rss feed downloader thing ham radio contesting - cabrillo log editor a script that will convert remind events to icalendar format an open source scrabble game simple arch linux theme for lxdm, by thayer williams and allan mcrae interactive shell for ambienttalk, an experimental object-oriented distributed programming language. the language is primarily targeted at writing programs deployed in mobile ad hoc networks. recurrent neural network language model ace stream engine ros - ros communications-related packages, including core client libraries (roscpp, rospy) and graph introspection tools (rostopic, rosnode, rosservice, rosparam). base routines for jfreechart gstreamer plugin for libcanberra a library which provides a secure layer over a reliable transport layer (legacy version) support for the ssh 2 protocol via libssh2. system monitor extension for gnome-shell (display mem swap cpu usage) autoleaving focus for mcabber none a modern monospaced typeface designed for code editors dims everything but a selected region of the screen. a virtual network service for openstack - nec plugin ocilib (c and c driver for oracle) python client library for cinder add to class::dbi for more fast delete method. rig control (cat) program ogre meshy is a tool for viewing ogre mesh files. code converter on tty framework for accessing amazon.com via rest a parallel python test runner built around subunit pyenet is a python wrapper for the enet library a simple open source todo manager to manage personal tasks and todo lists a dungeon crawler similar to angband, based on the works of tolkien. a wrapper for the openweathermap api the powerful solution for graph visualization a cluster manager that simplifies the complexity of running applications on a shared pool of servers use a plain class as a catalyst model ros - converts a 3d point cloud into a 2d laser scan. python 2.7 interface to the 6s radiative transfer model obtain ssl certificates from the letsencrypt.org acme server. suitable for automating the process on remote servers. a python module for plotting potentiostat data lightweight http server and imap/pop3 proxy server, mainline release with digest authentication module lidarquadtree is a library originally built and used for lag software. it features disk caching of points to allow it to load potentially very huge datasets and still support spatial indexing, meaning it can be using for las processing. data files from evaluated cross-sections in said data-base a calculator for rofi/dmenu(2) an open source java tool for working with pdf documents. (pdfbox, fontbox, jempbox) command line manipulation of bibtex files. kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-lts41 kernel a php-based photo web gallery. manage albums a single player dungeon exploration game pacman helper scripts for those who can not remember the options a flask extension for sending email messages. (python3 version) ldap schema for fusiondirectory gpg plugin utility programs used for creating patch files, including exclude directory feature porter's stemming algorithm for russian (koi8-r only) java-based http/https proxy for assessing web app vulnerabilities. supports editing/viewing http messages on-the-fly, spiders, client certificates, proxy-chaining, intelligent scanning for xss and sqli, etc. php web based audio/video streaming application and file manager clustering dna/protein sequence database at high identity with tolerance json library built on glib (mingw-w64) modern, beautiful irc client written in gtk 3, develop and debug version butter is a btrfs snapshot manager sports betting management a port of the popular multiple arcade machine emulator using sdl with opengl support. without qt toolkit tool to dynamicly redirect outputs of a running process the web application description language is an xml vocabulary for describing the capabilities of http resources. wadllib can be used in conjunction with an http library to navigate and manipulate those resources fast automated phishing attacks against wpa networks. bash/shell library/framework drawit is a plugin which allows one to draw lines left, right, up, down, and along both slants. optionally one may cap the lines with arrowheads. one may change the horizontal, vertical, slant, and crossing characters to whichever characters one wishes. ros - turtle_tf demonstrates how to write a tf broadcaster and listener with the turtlesim. single-particle image processing linux engine for cryo-em image processing, focusing on ab initio 3d reconstruction of low-symmetry single-particles snsf playing library based on the snes9x emulator wrapper modules around many common bioinformatics applications and tools. a powerful and robust templating system for python. gtk2::appindicator - perl extension for libappindicator python3 for microcontrollers, with stdlib. (unix version) optimization toolbox for solving various sparse estimation problems python db-api 2.0 interface for the legacy sqlite 2 a library for decoding dts coherent acoustics streams a browser navigation scripting & testing utility written in javascript on top of phantomjs. hide title bar if window is maximized - addon is discontinued but still works as intended the sofware suite provides tools to design and test weak memory models. pulse connect secure (pcs) client xerox workcentre 7830/7835/7845/7855 printer driver for cups an easy to use, transparent frontend to the r-language (kf5 frameworks-edition) ros - xmlrpc is a c implementation of the xml-rpc protocol. display system tray icons and run arbitrary programs when an icon is clicked. railroad syntax diagram generator coedit is an ide for the dmd d2 compiler. improved version of detex - tool for extracting plain text from tex and latex sources (piotr kubowicz's fork) feature-rich dictionary lookup program. matlab-like drawnow ros - the opencv_apps package, most of code is taken from https://github.com/itseez/opencv/tree/master/samples/cpp. library to read, manipulate and write rt system profiles using the rtsprofile xml schema 3d realtime strategy game on a future earth (git version) ti graphing calculator link/transfer program a simple python scrip to display an os logo in ascii art along with basic system information. firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - arabic kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-vfio-lts kernel linux dkms kernel module to allow use of extra keys on the logitech g710 (logitech-g710-linux-driver) a linker from the llvm project c library, offering some basic functionality to build high-performing, platform-independent programs a simple menu generator for the fluxbox window manager. library that helps you make use of google's geocoding functionality. lightweight, cross-platform integrated development environment (4.2.x) virtual framebuffer x server - git textmate-style snippets for vim (git). let's you generated lps that you can laser cut from audio files. sndcut is a program the generates lp records from audio files - it generates a svg file that you can laser cut. development files for the x.org x server - bleeding edge version a pure python implementation of the trie data structure. twin-panel (commander-style) file manager (qt5) redsocks2 adapted to compile with openssl 1.0 a set of command line applications for using the pc speaker sops provides a simple plugin system for orca include plugins the sardi icon set contains 80 scripts to change from colour. change it yourself with these scripts. database-driven rewrites for varnish cache driver for the zijiang pos58 thermal printer passive dns network mapper a simple, fast, cross-platform, and object-oriented multimedia api with modified source for raspberry pi yet another japanese dependency structure analyzer (python interface) a c vector expression template library for opencl/cuda xerox workcentre 5135/5150 printer driver for cups perl/cpan data::hexdumper emacs mode-line spinner for operations in progress oslo logging configuration library control pulseaudio volume from the shell or mapped to keyboard shortcuts. the kitware style checker programmer for atmel chips with a usb bootloader version of erlang/otp needed for basho riakts headphones is an automated music downloader for nzb and torrent, written in python. it supports sabnzbd, nzbget, transmission, µtorrent and blackhole. openvpn update resolvconf cellprofiler’s python image processing library mmc control for jack transport python interchangeable virtual instrument library operate on zabbix using command line interface a gui to manage l2tp over ipsec virtual private network connections. html to pdf converter cups drivers for oki b4000, b400 and mb400 pcl printers testinfra test your infrastructures oracle vm virtualbox extension pack a small and secure http version 1.1 server displays a short text fullscreen as large and as quickly as possible. p(ortable|ackageable) nacl-based crypto library (git version) sandboxing tool for selinux an interpreter for british text adventures by level 9. plugins allowing qt applications to access further types of images the simplest way to keep your photos where they belong, at your home! xml stream reformatter written in ansi c free x11 fonts for all characters that emacs 20 can handle an open-source, multilingual text-to-speech synthesis platform written in java sailfishos sdk is a collection of tools for developing sailfishos applications. code coverage tool for ocaml very resourcefriendly and feature-rich replacement for i3status, written in pure rust openstack image api client library qtcreator plugin using cppcheck breath dark icon theme easybuffer.vim - is a simple tree file manager for vim, highly inspired by nerdtree devel::smallprof - per-line perl profiler flexible caching support for catalyst. none a fork off of the vstream library from the tivo-mplayer project. general structure analysis system - refinement for powder diffraction patterns ros - nodelet core metapackage. a minimalist floating window manager written on top of the xcb the gnu compiler collection. stage 1 for toolchain building (arm-linux-gnueabihf) easyedit, a classic curses text editor. born in hp-ux, used in freebsd. system daemon for managing color devices create a splash screen library of useful tools for working with semantic versions and module dependencies. collection of czech and slovak fortune cookie files. a simple rfc 865-compliant qotd (quote of the day) daemon. a free backup client that securely stores encrypted, incremental, compressed backups on cloud storage services and remote file servers a generic and open source processor emulator which achieves a good emulation speed by using dynamic translation, statically linked. powerline fonts for x11 and the console deadbeef vkontakte plugin (gtk2 version) pure-python non-blocking io functions a cd-player and ripper for the gnome desktop open source implementation of jpegxr (git version) functions to easily tidy data. get and set configuration parameters in ~/.asoundrc.asoundconf an oscilloscope style guitar tuner a jabber client. git version perl/cpan module sms::send: driver-based api for sending sms messages translates postscript and pdf graphics into other vector formats, with emf support kernel module for packet capture at wirespeed a stable, production fortran 95 compiler available for multiple cpu architectures and operating systems an engine playing chess variants imagine is a pandoc filter that will turn codeblocks tagged with certain classes into images or ascii art.. brotli compression library a game about tending a symphonic garden, exploring space and embracing fate. android sdk platform, api-26 qt5-based im client for the matrix protocol command-line client for the ssl labs apis a simple interface to gtk2's complex mvc list widget enable tcp keepalive features without change in the original program ocaml bindings for pulseaudio a tunnel proxy using spdy as the tunnel qt 5 for android provides a trait to store an alternative json name a lightweight device mounter a program for converting bitmap to vector graphics (no imagemagick dependency) sanoid is a policy-driven snapshot management tool for zfs filesystems. plugins for audacious prints all systemd timers to stdout runkit is set of tools which allowes to do what reflection does not allow. usefull for unit tests. vim syntax for neomutt. baidu pan client for linux desktop users this script extracts rpm and deb archives voice recordings for freeswitch a command line tool for sorting media files gobject-based multi-platform toolkit a simple python wrapper script for the borg backup software powerful tox client written in c/qt that follows the tox design guidelines. cross-platform mobile and iot development environment buildbot waterfall view plugin ros - ros console output library. a clone of the unix sccs tool suite. the linux kernel and modules (git version) supply object methods for locking files. android google apis x86-64 system image, latest api a general-purpose package for dynamic report generation in r rule-based screen temperature changer (like redshift) a puzzle platformer game that centers around light and darkness (humble bundle version) inkscape extension to download color palettes frame configuration management for gnu emacs modelled after gnu screen library for computing non-uniform fast fourier transforms. a utility for ponifying and deponifying text an exciting brick breaker game c implementation of r*-tree, an mvr-tree and a tpr-tree with c api a tool to modify automatically pkgbuilds - modified to just run scripts network port multiplexer. allows sharing of http, ssl, ssh, openvpn, tinc, xmpp, etc. on the same port python framework for fast vector space modelling a distributed privacy aware social network (development head) (mysql) a controler for usb driven led backlights. android sdk sources, api-16 mopidy extension for playing music from soundcloud a simple json library written in c. an original theme created entirely by the author in inkscape bareos - backup archiving recovery open sourced - python plugin for director daemon toggle any program with a single shortcut deep_search_where() for class::dbi guest kernel modules for virtualbox running under linux-ck. activerecord-utils - utilities (e.g. random, alias_attr, etc.) for activerecord watch tv channels on linux. perl module that allows xs modules to annotate and delegate hooked ops intelligent backup utility that handles renames, moves, duplicate files update your duckdns.org entries from your computer without setting up any cronjob. you just need to create config files for your domains. a simple, customisable theme for your apache directory listing. parallels virtualization integration services & drivers perl module helping with scripts testing in your module oracle server java runtime environment run arbitrary commands when files change a non-intrusive real-time ansi color wrapper for common unix-based commands controller gui for tor a graphical backup utility based on apple time machine idea. all-in-one voice and text chat for gamers that's free and secure. library that supports over 90 module formats (amiga, atari, ..) an improved python library to control i3wm trained language data for tesseract ocr engine processing the "extended display identification data" (edid) in order to apply a custom resolution. this is helpfull if the concerning monitor does not provide an edid itself or its edid is corrupted. save/restore system clock on machines without working rtc hardware. an interactive map generator for minecraft ros - this package contains a c parser for the unified robot description format (urdf), which is an xml format for representing a robot model. data analysis toolkit for neutron based instrument data graph-based 3d csg cad modeller lpr and cups driver for the brother mfc-j5720dw printer help user keep battery between 40 and 80% easily create and install custom metapackages mariadb connector libraries for c/c improved graphic and sound files for some games in the raine emulator a open source cross-platform distributed memory caching system based on zmq messaging library a qt front-end for the jack low-latency audio server a source code beautifier detect flaws in your architecture, before they drag you down into the depths of dependency hell ... sort files into structured directory tree ingenious and fast way to move the mouse pointer on the screen with keystrokes, with a few patches ros - rqt_robot_dashboard provides an infrastructure for building robot dashboard plugins in rqt. simple wrapper for the github api. gnome plymouth theme based on ubuntu-gnome plymouth theme. fortune quotes from will & grace all-in-one software for remote support and online meetings httrack is a free (gpl, libre/free software) and easy-to-use offline browser utility. reusable qt quick based ui controls to create classic desktop-style user interfaces (mingw-w64) the fastest and easiest way to design, price, and build custom electronics enclosures. devel::autoflush - set autoflush from the command line a multichannel hard disk recorder and digital audio workstation. latest stable release from git. ros - this package defines messages for defining robot trajectories. measurement client for bredbandskollen nouveau from karolherbst repo with kepler reclocking patches free peer-reviewed portable c source libraries (mingw-w64, python) a simple command-line torrent search program a fully fledged mqtt client written in ansi standard c angle project (mingw-w64) flexible collision library. git version. the gnu compiler collection (m68k-elf) c implementation of the google logging module a fully functional x client library for python programs (development version) perl interface to the shavite-3 digest algorithm pki certificates for cartao de cidadao (portugal eid) web framework delivered as a c-extension for php linuxpps user-space tools lightweight music player qt5 front-end for mupen64plus in python fixes some problems with unicode text after the fact a generic tagging application for django projects enable screensavers from xscreensaver for mate. terminal for working with mifare classic 1-4k tags general-purpose fonts released by google as part of android this blender addon provides a set of tools for editing vertex normals. y.a.v.n.e. can dramatically improve the visual quality of a mesh without altering geometry. fast, standard compliant bencode serialization python library for calculating crc16 addons to qtdbus (mingw-w64) ros - mrpt - bridge linters and formatters for ensuring wpilib's source code conforms to its style guide check for presence of dependencies dropbox for linux - nemo extension static memory-efficient & fast trie-like structures for python (based on marisa-trie c library) configurable and flexible qt notification daemon a comic book viewer based on frameworks 5, for use on multiple form factors. country-specific django helpers a kwin plugin that makes the entire screen darker. a set of functions for image processing in python create and manipulate c data types in python, call functions in shared libraries a practical cross-platform command-line tool for safely batch renaming files/directories via regular expression tex2im is a simple tool that converts latex formulas into high resolution pixmap graphics for inclusion in text processors or presentations. a massively spiffy yet delicately unobtrusive compression library (git develop branch) cross platform c/c/php and node.js ide written in c graphical version of su written in c and gtk transport-independent implementation of json-rpc 2.0 minecraft pi edition (for raspberry pi devices) the full stack of aptible-toolbelt pyp2p is a simplified networking library for building peer-to-peer networks in python a fork of the dwipe command that will securely erase disks using a variety of recognised methods a word unscrambling game nonlinear optimization library (mingw-w64) an excellent html reference which also covers other web topics (german version) per-session custom expiry times provides libiconv.so and libcharset.so apache sapi for php customer portal for vtigercrm colored, incremental, side-by-side diff viewer utilities to detect and repair counterfeit flash storage, i.e. thumb drives and memory cards with less flash than advertised an iranian male voice for the mbrola synthesizer a particle physics latex package for drawing feynman diagrams. patched version of guile for guile-emacs library to interact with vita's usb mtp protocol. (git version sc-hsm-embedded pkcs#11 library by cardcontact a c program reducer. tor browser bundle: anonymous browsing using firefox and tor (ko) rsibreak takes care of your health and regularly breaks your work to avoid repetitive strain injury (rsi) set default fullzoom level, toolbar buttons for page zoom and text zoom. this is a ruby interface for azure using the newer rest api chinese (simplified) language pack for firefox beta mprisv2 plugin for the deadbeef music player personal package builder for debian packages a pure python 3 geocoding module made easy. supports arcgis, bing,canadapost,freegeoip geocoder.ca, geonames, google, here, mapquest, maxmind, opencage, openstreetmap, geoottawa, tomtom, yahoo ) a command line jack application providing 2, 3, or 4-band, 4th order crossover filters. ip over icmp, makes it possible to tunnel ipv4 through icmp echo packets epson printer driver (stylus nx130, tx130, tx133, tx135, sx130 / me 340) tool to make plots for ledger easy, portable file locking api. atob for node.js, it turns base64-encoded ascii data back to binary. the gnome virtual file system cli reddit client written in c. another logger - addon for database support (logdb, log model etc.) emacs interface to xclip open-source, cross platform, sleep tracking software with a focus on monitoring cpap treatment. ccache-like tool. wraps compiler and avoids compilation when possible. supports rustc ros - a common repository for cmake modules which are not distributed with cmake but are commonly used by ros packages. provides a convienent top bar pop-down interface to configure the gnome shell screencast recording feature. client server backup system this is a collection of quotes --- fortune cookies --- from douglas adams' famous hitchhikers guide to the galaxy. python library to read and write exif data from tiff and jpg files ros - this package contains the python bindings pykdl for the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl), distributed by the orocos project. perl module to deliver an email to a list of mailboxes calculates the levenshtein distance between two byte strings. deep difference of dictionaries, iterables, strings and other objects. blockchain-based marketplace for file storage ham radio morse code transmitter - text input is sent via udp port 6789. simple ruby version manager metamorphous font gandi command line interface a set of programs to assemble and manipulate binary and object files for the m68k architecture easily generate pure ruby code from rubyparser compatible sexps. python repl build on top of prompt_toolkit a light and easy to use libvte based x terminal emulator a utility to find and clean various forms of lint on a filesystem a simple library for communicating with usb and bluetooth hid devices. qt sql driver plugin for sqlcipher. fork by blizzard4591. papirus theme for smplayer show chinese lunisolar calender date apng image plugin for qt to support animated pngs software making it possible to draw on the screen of the computer, like handling various instruments of geometry. ros - mavlink communication library. common pyqt files shared between python-pyqt4 and python2-pyqt4 hex arithmetic quiz a library for layout and rendering of text rockchip media process platform (mpp) a corba object request broker for c and python. openfabrics alliance datagram transfers over rdma for infiniband and iwarp reconfigures the local unbound dns server to use dnssec enabled forwarders a slender monospace typeface. shape: andale mono. a top-like, ncurses-based utility to analyze trace information produced by lttng header files and scripts for building modules for linux-surftab-wintron-7 kernel qdecoder is a cgi library for c/c programming language which has been developed since 1996. host kernel modules for virtualbox running under linux-ck. a robust and user-friendly help desk solution for businesses and organizations a deep learning framework made with expression, speed, and modularity in mind (gpu enabled) unlock luks encrypted drives remotely - server component crypto undertaker extensions to improve password security a cross-platform c thread pool library a distributed privacy aware social network (development head) (postgresql) a public domain, high quality midi soundfont by luke sena crossplatform desktop applications build using proven web technologies an ide primarily designed for c# and other .net languages gnu-alike tools for parsing rfc 4180 csvs at high speed: csvcut, csvgrep, csvawk, csvpipe, csvunpipe raspberry pi gpio pps ntp receiver ubuntu system optimizer the eighth game of the touhou project series, imperishable night trial version (via wine). easy upgrade to full version. 'ping' type utilty for the ethernet v2.0 configuration testing protocol epson printer driver (stylus office bx925fwd / workforce 840) blender addon for reshaping uv selection into grid. moxa uport 11x0 usb to serial hub driver draw images on an ansi terminal alternative python bindings for gnu readline html::escape - extremely fast html escaping modular framework that takes advantage of poor upgrade implementations by injecting fake updates meta package for all open-xchange documents web applications simple and slim skin for vdr peer-to-peer anonymous digital currency (daemon, cli wallet, and wallet api library) opengl (es) 2.0 benchmark (x11, wayland, drm) library for handling hwp documents lean & mean statusline/tabline for neovim a virtual network service for openstack - nec plugin agent an implementation of the xmlrpc protocol in c debian ruby packaging suite another readline package an improved screenlocker based upon xcb and pam (cac03 fork) with clock, layout indicator, caps indicator 2d graphics interface for the pure programming language visitor style traversal of perl data structures pretty-print tabular data in python. a set of scripts that does simple sqm configuration. bubbles is opinionated, tiny, bloat-less (=> fast) floating window manager for x. universal tool to search the internet version of the glob module that can capture patterns and supports recursive wildcards gtk clipboard manager query alpm and aur a ‘words’ file for polish language intersil isl29018 sensor kernel driver(light sensor in chromebook pixel) a modern, light-weight gtk file manager for linux, currently in beta (.deb binary version) unixporn.com image screenshot & uploader (courtesy of sigflup) brute-force a git commit hash documentation for the free pascal compiler gtk theme inspired by the name of silicon valley american teledrama. libretro implementation of mednafen psx a coroutine oriented web framework featuring: mongrel2, gevent (or eventlet), zeromq and dictshield. terminal dictionary wget-compatible web downloader and crawler geographic information system (gis) written in the java (binary version) helpfile generation for vim plugins a tool to view and edit the output of the various stages of an apertium translation. recompression utilities for .zip .png .mng and .gz files using the 7-zip algorithm gtkwrite text editor with syntax highlight written in c, gtk2 & gtksourceview2 validate pdf files against the pdf/a-1b standard. show computer information and a pony kernel hackers manual - html documentation that comes with the linux-rt-lts kernel display server abstraction layer for gamma ramps and java fuse filesystem backed by google drive, written in ocaml. vim table mode for instant table creation. unified linux driver for samsung printers and scanners. plugin for vapoursynth: vshelpers (git version) an extension to develop templates in testing environment. php extension for imagick example netctl profile for eduroam a microframework for c based on glib and bad intentions. oslo rootwrap - a root escalation wrapper for openstack hitch is a libev-based high performance ssl/tls proxy. porter's stemming algorithm for italian epson printer driver (me office 82wd, 85nd, 900wd, 960fwd / stylus nx620, sx525wd, sx620fw, tx560wd / stylus office b42wd, bx525wd, bx625fwd, tx620fwd / workforce t42wd, 60, 620, 630) a simple commandline torrent creator module and command-line utility for factoring integers into primes. formerly called pyfac. team reflection plugin for trac pack lua programs and xml problems as tns files for use on the ti-nspire calculator series cli application to generate otp tokens for two-factor authentication. an abstract first-person shooter built on the quake3 engine. simple automated way for users to request new content for plex fancy indexes module for the nginx web server a dark, low-contrast colorscheme for vim based on sorcerer by jeet sukumaran sensitivity analysis library in python (numpy). contains sobol, morris, and fast methods. shell-centric cross-platform open source mongodb management tool a powerful, open source object-relational database system python api for pdns. a shader effect compiler for glsl incremental atomic backups for btrfs using snapshots with local and/or remote storage. widgets for the awesome window manager an object oriented c class library for windows, os x, linux and most unix-like operating systems a file manager program, that was inspired by the popular dos program xtreegold. fully-featured word processor, gtk2, no plugins, lite version widgets for awesome wm (latest version) mem'ry, tar pipe curl mixman dm2 alsa driver library for manipulating sets and relations of integer points bounded by linear constraints unicode-encoded otf and ttf fonts for church slavonic the tmkernel-bfq kernel and modules recover damaged mp4 files cups printer driver for dell b2375dfw spring lobby client the reference net workshop - jgitlibs plug-in elf prelinking utility to speed up dynamic linking lapack and blas manual pages fast & minimal low-level http client parallel looping constructs for perl programs easily download, build, install, upgrade, and uninstall python packages scalable library for eigenvalue problem computations ros - unit-testing package for ros. makes it easier to use pyscss in django intel's near field communication manager rss jabber bot pushetta python client a python package for analysis of heavy-tailed distributions shared library that implements scrypt() functionality - a replacement for bcrypt() a c standard library implementation intended for use on embedded systems arm64 (bare metal) simple keyboard layout indicator. svn version of a zoneminder client written in qt library containing apis used by various gawk extensions ros - rqt_publisher provides a gui plugin for publishing arbitrary messages with fixed or computed field values. free, distributed and user-friendly irc / twitter / xmpp / campfire / jabbr client for gnome/gtk (frontends) celestia addon: fictional: star wars: star destroyer a faster implementation of http::headers a php content management system (cms) which enables you to build websites and powerful online applications. password management tool web out of browsers provides several applications to interact with a lot of websites. assemble/disassemble network packets at the protocol level deflate compression method library (for nintendo gamecube/wii/wii u homebrew development) fast library for number theory 1.x series quest for glory 2: trial by fire free lossless audio codec (mingw-w64) a cave surveying software minimize caching effects exceed on demand client from opentext (x86_64). paragraph reformatter a compilation of quotes from husse (linux mint) the orginal well curated collection of extension methods for ruby python bindings to libglyr perl module providing simple interface to f77 libraries logging integration for click library for picotech oscilloscope 2000 series named binary tag reader/writer a command line app that fetches opensource licenses. a code-understanding, code-browsing or code-search tool. an implementation of the json-ld specification in python trained language data for tesseract ocr engine declarative command-line argument parser for python kunitconversion a static analysis tool for c. a c library of functions for dsp and music informatics purposes a dfuse packer (usb device firmware upgrade stmicroelectronics extension) library and tools to access the new technology file system (ntfs) an image viewer with vim-like keybindings facebook's branch of apache thrift, including a new c server python/gtk3 drop-down tiling terminal emulator subtitle conversion tool for image based stream formats with scaling capabilities and some other nice features. (git version) a simple sprintf-like dialect ros - diagnostics. open-source implementation of the fmi open standard (mingw-w64) a plugin for xmms, using bassmod for playback, and unmo3 for mo3 support kde tools to monitor smart devices and mdraid health status a graphical mpd client written in gtk3 including libnotify support lightweight, robust, scheme-like lisp implementation cp mono otf font by tino meinert copyright (c) 2009 embeddable javascript engine pickledb is lightweight, fast, and simple database based on python’s own json module a flat theme that uses varying shades and tones to create distinction and a modern experience. language model tools for cmu sphinx japanese vl gothic font family. decreasing continuous exponentials; toy decompression planner parameterizable packages a clean, resource friendly and easy to use python api for thetvdb.com an lv2 port of the mcp, vco, fil, and wah plugins by fons adriaensen ros - a simple viewer for ros image topics. vim plugin: better whitespace highlighting for vim an arctic, north-bluish clean and elegant vim lightline theme commands for manipulating posix access control lists a parser for toml using citrus library fast network scanner designed for internet-wide network surveys solaris porting layer kernel headers. python bindings for librsvg net::mac - perl extension for representing and manipulating mac addresses garmin communicator plugin for linux ros - this avoids use of dynamic storage (malloc/new) and thread safety (mutexes) to provide a very simple sigslots implementation that can be used for *very* embedded development. a declarative interface for argparse ros - this package contains the python bindings pykdl for the kinematics and dynamics library (kdl), distributed by the orocos project. bunsenlabs gtk/openbox/lightdm themes record skype calls to mp3, ogg vorbis or wav files support for send e-mail messages from tn5250j oath one-time password toolkit - git checkout a webdav filesystem based on fuse man to html converter which can act as an http server on port 8888 bpf compiler collection - tools gnu grand unified bootloader (2) - git version with f2fs support an open-source multi-platform crash reporting system ros - this package provides a recovery behavior for the navigation stack that attempts to clear space by reverting the costmaps used by the navigation stack to the static map outside of a given area. generate various chord inversions and voicings command-line status monitor for tor ros - this package provides common interfaces for navigation specific robot actions. early access version of the upcoming version of intellij idea ide (community version) bpg image encoder and decoder a tex package to write linear logic symbols freedns.afraid.org dynamic dns client written in perl, modified by ultraviolet. bgp/ospf/isis/rip/ripng routing daemon suite (fpm enabled) firefox developer edition is the blazing fast browser that offers cutting edge developer tools and latest features like css grid support and framework debugging - ligurian math::convexhull::monotonechain - andrew's monotone chain algorithm for finding a convex hull in 2d chef diff is a library for calculating what chef objects where modified between two revisions clean up and optimize mkv files sets gnome or kde proxy settings using networkmanager's informations a library of c classes that implement smoothing and mapping (sam) in robotics and vision, using factor graphs and bayes networks as the underlying computing paradigm rather than sparse matrices. nvidia driver library symlinks for 'nvidia-utils-vulkan-developer-beta' cross binutils for the mingw-w64 cross-compiler - patched for weak nt externals a free uci compliant open source chess engine developed by peter österlund http, http2 and websocket protocol server for asgi, and developed to power django channels a dia de los muertos-themed platform fighter a passive real-time asset detection system ethereum gpu miner, with roots in genoil's cpp-ethereum fork. pure opencl version. the debian package manager. don't use it instead of arch's 'pacman'. st fork ros - rqt_shell is a python gui plugin providing an interactive shell. the ideal window manager for today's elegant and ascetic programmer an extension for gnome shell that will change the screen brightness when the machine is running on battery power a reverse engineering driver for the clevo p150em/p170em/p150sm/p157sm/p170sm/p177sm backlight keyboard, by christoph jaeger (dkms version) dts coherent acoustics decoder with support for hd extensions (mingw-w64) powerpc toolchain for nintendo gamecube/wii/wii u homebrew development amoeba fit routine based on the method of nelder and meads lastest developer edition of firefox browser built from the trunk code 64bit kernel for amd jaguar & puma family cpus only, with interactive cpufreq governor, bfq i/o scheduler and tweaked config random numbers à la java.util.random optimized replacement for thread.rb primitives app center for liri os http request/response parser for python in c mac os x/darwin sdk (requires prepackaged sdk with osxcross) generate secure multiword passwords/passphrases, inspired by xkcd 